2025 N2 Bootcamp: GMS Overview & Deep Drive
June 4, 2025 Expires in 115 days • 2 views • SharePoint App • HD	· ·· ) Documents ) Recordings


So Just gonna jump right in introduong myself quickly. So my name's Gabriel. Or a lot of people call me Gabe.
You can do either one
People even shorten 1t down to G. I'm the SVP of group media solutions.
I'll explain what that role means in just a moment, and I have sort of a dual role, so I work on the Novartis account as your GMs lead and then I'm also the Starcom agency lead. So I lead the overaHGMs.
Solutions for star com overall. I'm based m New York.
I've been at the group for Just over four year., and for those of you in New York. I know most of you are, I said on 9.
But t·m always happy to come to come up to 12 to meet in person. spending the time together. But I'm here often.
Sowhat1
What we're gomg to go through today and we will take a break. Don't worry. I will need it myself talking for this long is not an easy task.
So please, with that feel free to ask questions along the way. I am working oft of 1 screen so it's a little bit challenging to see through the chat so if anyone can just help me 1f there are any chat questions m there but also feel free to.
Cut off mute, Chime in with any questions. Again, helps me to not talk the whole time and makesitalitt1ebitmore1nteract1ve.
Overall, so I'm going to do just a quick level setting on group media solutions.
I don't know what happened to my numbers on the left hand side here. so I'll do a quick introduction on group media Solutions Just to ground us m who our team is.
So you understand my role a little bit more and what the what our strategic role is wrth1n the organization. I think rt's really important to Just level set and understand that. And then from there I'm going to do a really quick.
Overview of the historical Novartis relationship.
With GMs. which really I'm going to vrnce over a few things.
Show you a couple of numbers and then talk about a special loyalty plan that we have with the client because I th1nlcagain. it's very important for us to ground in all of that.
From there, we"IIthen Jump into really quick just a few slides on Epsilon digital.
There's honestly not a ton of opportunity lhere. but it's really important for everyone to understand the solution set because also so much of what we do 1s based on epsilon.
And I'm going to do a very, very quick on on influencer.
So both of those will.you know be, you know, maybe about 10 minutes or so. And then the last two sections are the are the biggest sections.
So we'll do an ape)( 101.
I make sure that everyone understands the overallvalue prop how to wort with APEX. and then I'm going to do a little bit of a deep dive mto a couple of sections that are some evo ing new solution sets that Apex has, but t want to make sure that.
You're all aware of, and then finally actually ignore the TV landscape part. I pulled it off for lime.
But I'm going to do a lift.
101 and really focusing on the solution that we use with Novartis. which 1s true addressability.
So that's what the the plan loolcs hke today.
Again, I will try to get a break or so in here, JUSI even for myself.
A couple of minutes, probably around the hour,
but we'U kind of see how it goes.
And again, please chime in with any questions along the way.
So as I said. I want to start with JUst making sure that we understand what the role of group media solutions is.
And you know, I'm, I'm sure we have a mix of


folks here who have worked here for a long time or some folks who are new.
One thing that you well if you're new that you'll quickly learn is we love an acronym at the gro1Jp and we sometimes use different words to s.ay the same thing. It gets a little confusing so.
Recently we have act1Jally reorg under connected media. So I sit under connecte-d media.
And sometimes
You'll hear instead of group solutions or group media solutions, there is a little bit of a transition that's happening to connected media solutions.
I removed all of that from this deck. but if you hear that in the group, just know that connected media solutions or connected solutions is the same thing as group media solutions or group solutions
So just want to state that up front because we do often use.
Different words to mean the same thing. So where I sit in the organization?
Again, I said within connected media. So !'m at the group level.
I don't sit with any of the agencies. I don't sit with any of the solution sets and my role is really to sit in between the group owned products and our ouragencies,right?
So what?
That means you can see in this gold section. These are the solution sets that the group the Group Solutions team covers.
It's apeKlift influential epsilon digital epsilon. Retail media that all is on the media side.
Sothat'swherelam.
And then I have a counterpart who covers off on Epsilon tech and data and we both sit on under the same general team. So on the left h.!nd side. you would basically have epsilon apex influential
We we work between them and you all to help us serve our clients overall.
Right So they can just get a better sense of where I sit and the purpose.
Of group Media solutions or Group Solutionsis sorry, this is a little challenging on one screen.
Give me one second. All right
So the overall role of of our team really ties to the group strategy overall.
So you might hear Artur talk about this at times.
You might have even seen this fly,.vheel or version ofthlsftywheel before.
But really, what we believe in is that
With all of these strategic acquisitions that we that we make, It's to help us evolve our our solution set and our capabilities to our clients. As we do that that wlll allow us to win new business and win new accounts. It may even allow us to increase SC.
On an account as we gain new capabilities or new the ability to service our clients in new ways.
And then thatwitlfuel. Obviously, revenue for the group
Which allows for us to continue to invest in these solution sets to continue to offer our clients more. more and more involved solutions.
So again, yo1J see it here as Connected Media Group media. We really are central to the overall Holdco strategy and our belief is really that everything needs to be client first. So we don't ever want to lead with a product and and just say that this you know.
Whether it's Lyft or something with an apex, whatever it is, we.
Want to really focus on the clients needs first the clients strategy and then bring forward the right solutions that makes sense to help them solve their challenges.
I work very, very closely with your leadership team, so I have regular touch bases with them and then of course with a lot of you. I also interact with on a on a semi regular basis and we're really supposed to be one unified team again I did mention.
That I do have a counterpart for data and te.::h. but he and I work very, very closely together.
And then I cover off on all the media and we're supposed to be one unified team for you.
So when you don't know where to go, if you want to access something within the group that I cover, you can come to me.
I'm your one stop shop and in addition to that I also would like to let everyone know. given where we sit in the organization. we also have. We also sometimes are a little bit easier if you are trying
to get somewhere inside of the org you don"t know.
Who the contact is. I'm often a good. Point of contact
For that. So for instance, we work really closely
with PUB sports.
I don't necessarily cover off on selling pub sports,. although there are some things we work on together, but we know that team very well.
Or pmci or anything else in the group that may not be within group media. Technically, if you're ever looking for who the right contact is, chances are I can help you get to them.
So please don't be shy. Please use me.
I'm really really my entire role is to help service you all and to help service the client
So this isa little bit repetitil,,efromthelastone. but Just want to really focus on the fact that there are 6 main pillars that we believe with GMs. And again I mentioned some of these already, we believe inaclientfirstapproach


It doesn't mean you know, of course, my role is as, as I mentioned, to help fuel Publicis revenue. But the only way ttiat we're going to do ttiat is if we're thinking long term and if we're actually making sure ttiat our solutions are helping our clientso1Jt
We atways want to lead with 11alue for our clfents.
2_R 28 s1 setfil haiWi?Pck!WWeauca11on across our solution sets or across the marketplace.
We do our best to try to make sure that when we bring, you know if you come to us and we want to work on something together for, you know. a good example i> witti lift.
We really try to customize the the materials we want to customize the solution.
To No11artis"s needs instead of just bringing a stock deck to you and passing i1 oYer.
So we're really here as much as possible to help it make sense and putitttiroughtheclientslens.
The accountability piece so strategic, financial accountability and alignment
This is really for agency leadership, Pmx leadership group leadership.
We're ;ort of responsible for making sure that we have a good undemanding of all of these numbers, how we're doing. what the opportunfy is and reporting that up to the powers that be, and another really important one that we're trying to really improve on this year, but we
Always done is this feedback section. So as you all give me information or as the client gives feedlJack on our solution sets on what's working, all give me information or as the client gives feedback on our solution sets on what's working, wtiat's not working, why we can"t move forward with something.
That helps1Js.
Improve the product oYerall, so we aggregate that information across the group and we bring it back to our partners at the. you know, at APEX, at Epsilon at influential and we help improve the product overall or we might even that might help us identify a whole new Sol.
That we need to create and that has happened especially within lrfl and in apex. There's a lot of listening to the needs of our group clfents and then building out sol1Jtions that help them achie11e their ttiose goals.
And then again. finally, one team selling group solutions together with all of you. So that is OV'erall with gems. And again I kind of mentioned thisalready, but the OV'erall
Goal is that all of these things accelerale and drive.
Drive the other so as we as ouryo1J know. you all probably are very aware of the fact that we are doing very well as a group and we'V'e been doing very well for the last few years and it's really because of this oYerall strategy,
And so as we continue lo overachieve on our goals as a group that allows for IJS again to continue to invest in forward-looking solutions, wtiich allows for us to fuel and accelerate our clients growth. which means that they can inYest more dollars and all of this wor1<:s.
Together and this is again our011erall strategy as a company.
So I cover off on five sol1Jtions. I kinda mentioned them earlier.
I'm gonna do a really quick what they all are, and
then we're gonna start
Well, I have one more slide and then we're gonna stan jumping into things.
So again. we ha11e a solution set currently across five different solutions.
You probably have heard the news tliat we recently acquired captivate,
That is not on this slide right now, but that will really Just fold under influential and it's going to be the technology that fuels, it's going to be integratedwiththeinfluenfoilexisting  technology.
And and be a part of our just 011erall influencer strategy, but will be under the influential brand

So just wanted to note that since you probably all are aware of that.
And so that you know, if you have any questions about captivate, you can certainly come to me. It isstillveryearlydays.
We're still learning a lot, bOJtI can be your point of contact there
So we have our influencers offering again through influential with captivate rnming in and folding in soon, which is really just our opport1Jnity for to offer influencer services to our clients and really leYeraging a lot of the different datasets that we have especially through epsilon.
Apex Exchange is a value based solution
So a VBS and in fact most of the things on this screen are a value based sol1Jtion.
I'm gonna explain what that means in detail a li1tle bit later. but really what this means is that
   use our. It's an exclusive marketplace for01Jr publisdientsacrossallchannelsexcept for search, and we proV"ide them something, a valuable something of value in exchange.
For the fact that we actually are making money off of this marketplace
Different than our pmx marketplace.
Again, I'll go through a lot more detail about that epsilon here.
We mean it as Epsilon digital, formally OMS, and this is our identity based sol1Jtion.
You know, oftentimes we're dumbed down to simplified as a DSP. II really is more than adsp,


Target folks across a variety of different channels. Again, we'll go into a lit1Ie bit more of that later.
And then pmx lift our advanced TV solution, which was created in house in 2021 and we have a few different solutions there under the pmx practice, which again I'll go into the main one that we use across for Novartis a little bit later What rm not.
Going to really cover on this.epsilon retail media and the reason for that is even though I would love for you to all to be educated on our on the group offerings.
There really irn't anything available for pharma at the moment.
SOJUSthigh level what?
I'll tell you is that this is again under the Epsilon umbrella. Um. if you have been here for a few years, you would remember that we purchased a company called Citrus Ad a few years ago.
We folded citrus ad under epsilon.
This allows for us to use retailer first party data.
And target whether that's on site,ontheretailer site, so like target com or off site using the retailers first party data
So just out in the open.
Web a few of the solutions also allow for us for some in store opportunities that would be like a Western Union or a GameStop.
Again, none of the opportunities there really are have a pharma need. So I'm not going to be covering that today in the interest of time. Most of these solutions, I would say really everything minus apex leverages Epsilon core 10 as the backbone.
So we integrate as much as possible with Epsilon Given it it's our main identrty solution.
And it allows for us to and and it's it's continuing to integrate be integrated and evolve, but that really allows for us to have one core identity across all of the solutions that we offer.
Before I go into all the deep dives, any question:1- starting off with any of this?
All right
So you obviously will share this out.
You don't need to remember all these names.
I just wanted to let you know who your overall team is, so I've already introduced myself as the GMs lead for Novartis. I mentioned earlier my partner Pete MC Sheri)'.
He's the group Tech solutions lead.
There's not a ton of opportunity for epsilon data intech.
So he you won"t hear from him as much.
But he he does have connections to the right folks at a senior level arid to and then below that. Although none of these folks report directly to me, it is sort of a dotted line because I oversee alt of these solutK)ns.
ljusthave.Whoareapexfolks?Areourliftfolks influential and epsilon for both digital and retail media.
Again. this will be ared out with you. Whe11in doubt you can always just reach out to me
I do Just want to point out that we do h.!ve an accountmanagerforAPEC.
Thanks Sir.
Name is Ashley del vecd1io.
I just aslc that any time you're engaging with apex that you copy both myself and Ashley.
She really helps mea lotbecauseApexisa very, vel)' large organization and so she helps me manage all of that.
Otherwise you don't need to remember all these names again
It will be shared out with you
All right moving what along into the historical relationship?
So before I move to the nerl :s.lide, just want to note that Novartis has actually had a very long relationship with GMs or really with apex.
Dating back to what I could see. it was before my time. but it looks like it was around 2017 or so was our first campaign that was run.
And you know, Ebderi flowed throughout the years.
Several yea ago they moved quite a bit of their
video outside of Apex and over to active.
And started activating quite a bit less wrth APEX.
We then introduced the lyft solution and and, and they've become a very large client of of lyft.
So there'sJust like a little bit of background. but what I want to show you now is to date what it looks like.
So I pulled these numbers last week. These are bookings, so not all of this is actualized
Please;ust use this more directionally, but I just wanted to give you a sense of how much the client and you all are leaning into the various gems solutions
So at the very top is lift. Again, the client uses true addressability.
It's our.
Really our flagship solution or product within the live practice, we are buying it now as of Q4 of last year all through APEX.
I'll explain what that means later
But you can see there's a substantial amount of dollars flowing through there.
Novartis was last year our 11-2 lift account client in termsofacrossthegroup
This year they've actually slipped a little bit lower because we have some, alttmugh the cl nts numbers are expected to be higher than last year,


are starting to spend even more, but they're still veiyeasllywithin our top five.
And probably our <lf3 or 4. Clients.
So we give tliem a lot of resources and a lot of special attention Just given how much they inve!>I wltliwithlitt
Below that there's three drfferent there's mainly 3 channelsthattheclientisbuying through apex right now.
So that's just a video which is mainly from our national video teams. We've run a few different things throughout the year, primarily in Q1 of this year. There is pretty much all of your audio runs through APEX
So we have opportunities with spot
By I heart and wtiatnot. Again. 1"11 go into those details later. but you can see a pretty decent.
Investment there and tlien apex, YouTube as well.
So those are the three main places today that the client Invests in that you all invest with apex.
I think there's opportunities for us to look at a few other tliings. In the past. There's also been some cinema buys. In fact in Q4, I believe we had a cinema buy and we can also do out of home And then rm going to show you a
Couple of other opportunities..a little bit later and then influential. I just wanted to note here that we have 2,000,000 for influential for the year those asterisks there. I just wanted to note that influential.
I'm going to talk to you a little bit about a loyalty plan in a second
Influential does not count towards that only anything purchased through APEX
So to sort of note. you can see that ttiere again, you k.now investing quite a bit
Obviously it'sa very large account and they're investing quite a bit witliin GMs.
So for that reason. last year we brought them an opportunity that was a loyalty plan.
This was a montlis long process to work with them on it
But essent lly what you can see on the left hand side before the loyalty plan. the client when they.
Bought through Apex. they were able to unlock savings about 3 to 5% depending on the channel.
And that's off of their mark.et rate.
And then they also were buying Lyft at it.
Again, a very tieavy investment and what we were giving them of value.
Was this overlap cost avoidance?
It's again. I'm gonna exlain what that means later. wtienltalkaboutlift
But you can see on the right hand side is once we signed on to this loyalty plan for them, really you cantliinkofita/mostasan endeavor. There are some tliings J'II e)(plain that make it a little bit not like one, but there's no malice if.
They don't hit these additional tiers, but what it allowed for them to do is lo get everything they were getting before. But as they increase their spend and theyreachthesenewtiers.
They unlock additional value on top of that.
So you can see the three tiers listed here and the client being the client and the great negotiators thattheyareactuallythat first here, although it said 80 million to 100 million. th€y actually unlocked that first.75%.
Credit of value they they unlocked tliat with the veiyfirstdollarthattheyspent.
So it's important to understand I'm going to show you how they're pacing in just a moment but all of these s.avings that I'm mentioning here.
All of this is benchmarked off of the marketplace. So what would be the pm)( rate? Or the Novartis rateoutinthemarketplace?
We provide savings or hard savings off of that.
Again, they're getting that value from the first dollar. This initial plan that we offer them is a five quarter plan.
So started in QA of 2024. It will go to the end of thiscalendar year. We are starting internal conversations to talk about what 2026 would look like and obviously we'll take that to the client.
You can see that it says no commitments on the left hand side and I have a little asterisks at the bottom.
The client actually does have a commitment to us for a hfl: perspective. I won't get into all those details today, but it's just important to know that there's a lot of different factors that going into all of this. But the main thing is that the more that the.
Client spends the more that they will unlock with


So on that note.Oh,sorry
Well, one thing to note here, because this has come up a few times, they do require.
That the value so when we're buying through apex. it all needs to be in quote UN quote.
Hard savings or what apex would refer to as savings?
Again, I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself because later ('II explain what the savings reinvestment, what the options are with APEX. but it's just really important to understand that we cannot clioose the reinvestment option
This has unfortunately come up a few times in the last few months and caused some swir1, so I JUstwanttomal:eitveryclear.
No reinvestment as an option. lthastobesavings.
We can't offer them another.
Something that'sjust like exclusive opportunities.


Butan)lexceptionstothis?
It has to be approved b)I me or Lori
You can also )I Masud and Evan on here as well, because all of us understarid the backgrourid of this, but I just really want to make sure that any e)(ception to this it has to be approved because it isare,quirementoftheclients.
All right,.so
We actually again because this this loyalty plan staned in QA of last year.
You can see what the the bookings look like to date.
So we're at about 109 already and so the client already is getting into that second tier and based off of what we are expecting for Q3 for lifl we know that they're going to get into that third tier pretty immediately. We're working internally to make.
Sure that we're backdating so. Again. remember that these credits.
So this 1% and this 1.25%when they get thi it'll unlock it'sgoirig to be retroactive to the first dollar that they spent startirig Q 4/20/24.
So we're talking right now ba:s.ed off of these numbers that they're going to get about an additional 600,000 in credits
So we're working with the rigtil folks on the N2 side so that we make sure that this happens appropriately.
But they actually are going to get an additional savings for getting into that third tier.
All right That's everything on loyalty plari. My questions?
OK. We're gonna Just start jumping Into the product overviews.
Then what? I'm probably gonna do iscover off on epsilon and influential.
Then we'll take maybe like a quick 5 minute break or so I can refill my water and then we'll jump into the rest of these.
So jumping iritoepsilon.
I guess let me take a step back really quickly. Epsilon we acquired in 2018, I believe, and it was a very large acquisition
In a very strategic acquisition for the for the company.
And you know at the time some of the other holding companies.
Adentsu had purchased Merkle at the point at that point, but there was sort of this. this idea that agencies might start acquiring identity and data companies to help fuel and and future proof the offering.
So we made a very, very big bet on Epsilon. And again as what you would see based on the success that we've had and how we can integrate them into all the other acquisitfOns.
That we make.
It's been a very, very, very big success for us. So we're very proud of this.
It's somethirig that we wanna make sure that we talk about and that all of you understand the basics of it.
So at a high level. the most important ttiing to do to underst,md is that It is a people based
50lution
So we have proprietary data reaching over 200
million US adults. It's fueled by first party data.
And datacanalsoingestclients first party data as well.
So
So it's at the center of everything we do. It's rooted in identity ,md that allows for all of our ottier solution sets to be rooted in the same identity set.
Excuse me.
So identityisreallyallows.forustounderstand as it says here, that there's a human at the center of all the data.
So it's not just an audience segment of, you know, female or engaged or an iPhone buyer.
It's really the comprehensive view of who this person is. arid it allows for us to understand th=
So we have.
It's all anchored in a verified name and address. and we verify.
We take a step beyond some of what our competitive set would do and ttiat each core ID is associated with at least one online or offline purchase
So it allows for us to take out a lot of the noise or what may be erroneous information. and it helps makesurethattheseareactualvenfiablepeople  because there's been at least one online or offline purchase.
For clarity, because I did mention that we can ingest clients first party data, thisisnotthethe online and offline purchase information is not coming from dient data. We keep that fully separate from the other relationships that Epsilon has with partners
That helpsus validate this information.
So it's incredibly important to know that if a client ever ingests their first party data with Epsilon, it's keptvery,veryseparate
And it's privacy by design. Is what epsilon would say
So we collapse the individual's overall identity into a single ID
So ifyou have multiple computers. your phone. your iPad. whatever it may be, we collapse all of that into one identity across all of those different devices.
And there's a there's a limited reliance on 3rd party data, third party cookies.


S.o we've been ready for the maybe never going lo happen.
Google Cookie deprecation but it':si.mportant lo know that other browsers already have.
You know, essentially moved away from third party cookies.
S.o this allows for us to. for instance, Epsilon can actually buy media.
Very effectively targeting folks on Safari where that would be something that. you know, some of the competitive set would not be able to do.
So
Whal the data set allows for epsilon to do is look at all of these different attributes of who a person

S.o we have all this information on who they are, what they browse. what they buy, what they watch, how ttiey·re connecting across.
You know, across the the digital space and then in addition to that we marry that information that we're getting from all of their online activity.
We mirror that information with :s.ome offline information, won the right har.d side you see we have demographic information
All of this is again tied to a core 10.
And that gives us basic demographic information
Then we have tran5actional data with both TX spend and core trans.act.
Fact. I'm gonna go to too much detail there.
We have purchased data that we that we've ingest that again we're tying bad; to these these people and then we have psychographic information as well from a product called S.hoppers Voice.
S.o the main thing here to know is there's a lot of information that we know about an individual.
All of it again is tied to 1 core ID and this allows for us to be highly targeted with activating media and the same core ID is what fuels again so much of the rest of what I'm going to talk about today.
Epsilon allows for us to again use any of the clients first party data
And any of the epsilon data sets.
S.o that's what on the left hand side, we can activate all of that In the channels that you see in the middle.
S.o CTV, olv. Display audio.
S.o all of that is available through Epsilon, Epsilon digital, and then finally some things that make it different are these mea:s.urement opportunities.
S.o it allows for us to also offer something called guaranteed KP is or guaranteed outcomes.
S.o you can see a list of them here. If a client for instance. wanted to be able to guarantee unique reach or viewability or a cost per completed view or any row as whatever it may be, we can actually offer them guarantees to hit that number. And what?
Epsilon would do is continue to deliver media until that number till that guarantee was hit.
I'll just note Novartis does not buy any of their programmatic media through epsilon.
Obviously. trade desk is their main partner, but it"s again important for you to understand all of this final la:stthing I'll mention here is that epsilon is the only MRC accredited partner for these correlated outcomes or that which give.sus the ability to offer the guaranteed outcomes M.
Is a media ratings Council, so it's a third party outside ofthe group.
Organization that has actually.
Actually gone, you lcnow. gone under the hood of epsilon to validate that what we·re saying we can do isactually possible.
S.o it allows for us to have a third party to say that these guaranteed outcomes are something that we can actually measure
So basically it's more than adsp. Again, I mentioned that upfront
It's sort of admp plus DSP and because there'sa variety of really Interesting DCO or dynamic creative opportunities, there's also creative component too as well
And the measurement piece it all wrapped into


Oliggan allows for us to future proof our clients because we're using core ID.
It's a people based Klentity. Instead of using third party cookies.
Mas.sive scale we can reach pretty much every
<1dult.
In the US. and then as I mentioned. we have the opportunity for guaranteed outcomes. The things that I was just speaking about and that it's the only MRC aa:redited partner for correlated

S.o it's again, third party has validated that.
Whal epsilon is saying they can do, they actually are doing.
Thatisitonepsilon.
S.o I know that was pretty fast and kinda high level. but the main need of what I wanna talk to you all about is after the influential section again.
Just wanna make sure you have at least a high level knowledge of the solution sets.
Does we move into influential again, we acquired them at the end of last ar.
What's not in thisdeck is how it will work with captivate, so I'll just again note, captivate isa isa recent acquisition.
We will be basically we mean the acquired captivate for their technology and we acquired influential really fora lotoftheiroverallservices and their be.st in class nature and the reputation In the industry. But we really liked both comparnes.


So the goal was to acquire both of them and they will be overall integrated and it will remain under the influential name
So I'm going to mainly just cover off an influential today. and again. I'm going to keep this pretty high level.
So just to start.
It'sjust to note that there's a variety of different typesofinfluencersth.i!tareavailable.
So you have the mega influencers who have over a million followers and you can see some e,ramples of those folks up top.
So Paris Hilton.
Lily Collins and whatnot
And then you goes all the way dowri to nano influencers..
So those are people with, you know, 1000 to 10,000followers.
So they"re much more niche they might be.
You know. they they probably have a, but they probablyhaveaverylike.
Loyal following from them as well.
So there's really depending on what strategies you you might want to employ 1 mega person for for mass reach or you might want lo get a few of these folks down here that can help you be a little bit targeted with your overall media. So depending on the
Way that whatever your approach or whatever your goals are. what we would do is look for the right combination of these differerit influencers. But again. it's just important to note that there's a
var tyofdifferentkirids. Andthisishowinfluentialclassifiedsthem.
Another thing, just to make sure that that we all are aware of is that influencer marketing is really availableacrosstheentirefunnel
So what you see in the middle is some survey information that.
Sorry, the top one is content effectiveness from an influencer and the lighter color is coritent effectiveness from the brand.
And you can sort of see how these these do across different across the funnel and Just kind of an idea of what channels would make the most
;,enseforthose?
So really great formassreachandl"II talk a little bit about this in a moment. But with influential. we can actually do things on more than just.
Socialwecanactuallytakeitoffofsocial platforms.
And activate that media elsewtiere.
So that's wtiat you're seeing 011 the right hand side?
So again. the reason that we, one of the main reasons we acquired influential is that they really had fantastic.
Reputation in the industry, they've been a lot of. they've worked with a lot of clients, they've worked with a lot of group clients. They've been around fora very long time
They have really great relationships with all of the platforms.
In some cases, so they have direct integrations with them all and in some cases they are.
Offered.
Like advanced tedmology integrations with these these different partners.



Danielalwaziu.

_!;!, Gab,id Cdi, 36A6
•• Sorry. Was that somebody say something?



Hello.

Someonetiave a question? OK rm gonna guess not

OT DanicllcTate 16:56
I thinli:itwasaerror,Gabe.
-::i, :;k;:58
I think yeah.All right.
So main things to note here is that
We can leverage from a planning perspective. although Novartis;does not use epsilon audiences, we can bring in epsilon audiences from a plarinlng perspective to help us ideritify the right influencers.
We're also now using Epsilon to
Valldate a lot of the information ttiat"s within the influential.
Technology, which is called radius.
They have a lot of brand safety checks and opportunities. They actually take on also a lot of the liability off of the dients and onto themselves, which is a really big win for clients.
And then again, we have this opportunity for amplification.
Off of off platform by leveraging Epsilon.
So mainly just to note. the way that we would work with influential is we would start with discovering their talent using their their technology called radius.
It's although this says it"s an Al driving driven matching technology validated by Epsilon that is accurate, but I just also want to know at least for me, this made me feel better that it's not only Al driven, there is a human component to it as well


Sort of helps understand the initial. Shortlist of who the right creators might be
And there's sort of a human element on top of
that to help make sure that we're reading the briefs :md we're bringing the right creators forward
We would then, you know, once everybody agreesupon the right traitor talent activate and amplifytliatthatcontent.
So they would do their organic post and then we would, you know, if the client is interested, amplify ttiat wrth paid media, whether that's on the platforms or off platforms. And ttien of

Measurement Cap.'lbilitiesaswefl
Not going to go over all the things on here. The main thing just to know that you've heard me say a couple of times is again, there's the organic social social post and then there's the opportunity for us to amplify that both on platform.
Soifit'saninsta postthenwecanalsoactivate that with paid media on Jnstagram or Tiktok or whatever
It may be snap, but we can also.
Activate that content off platform as well. So if
we wanted to put it on CTV.
If we wanted to put it on OLB ads, there's a variety of different ways that we can activate that media off platform.
So again, I'm not going to go into much more detail on this today.
There is an influential buy that is in place with the with the client but given how new all this is and I don't think that there's a ton of extra opportunity yet I would more just want you to know that the these few capabilities and the way that.
We can go about activating the media
And then as we tiave questions or as we might think. thenemight be an opportunity.
We can do some deeper dives into what the what thatmightlooklikeforthem.
And the last thing I wanna touch on, sorry my allergies are really bad.
So I'm have a lot of stuff in my throat today.
The last thing I want to touch on isjust from a measurement perspective.
So again, I won't go through all of these things, but to note that there is the opportunity. The main thing I want to touch on is the MMM integration. We know how important that is for the client So want to just note that we can
We can make sure that we·re feeding into that and there's also advanced measurement solutions as well, whether that's a brand lift, social listening and what not.
So alloftheseareavailablethrough inf\1Jential.
All right I before we Jump into apex. I'm going to saylet'stakeaquickSminute break.
I'm going to refill my waler and then we're going to Jump into the bulk of the of the content.
Which will be apex again
We'll do the apex value proposition.
We'll do a deeper dive into some of the apex solutions and then we're going to go into lift overall.
So if that sounds good for everybody, I'm going to go off camera for J1Jst a second and refill my water and I'll b:ick..
OK. And we're back
Thank you everybody for let me take that quick break..
And now we're gonna jump into apex.
So to start, I'd like to just start with the apex. Mission statement
Which is we utilize our market expertise and publishers Group Capital to offer our clients value based sol1Jtions that Dr. incremental benefrt against client goals.
So yo1J c:an tell that there's two things highlighted here. Publicis Group Capital and Val1Je based sol1Jtions.
It's very, very important to understand that there are two marketplaces available through the group.
Pmx and Apex PITIJ( leverages. It's more cloud based buying.
So that's the traditional buying model. We take
all of the investment across the group.
And use that and aggregate that as our buying power to make to get the best in class rates with partners
So that'savailabletoallofourclients. lt'safully.
You know, transparent model to our clients
And and that's one marketplace that's available.
The other one is apex where we again take group capital.
So we're not any clients money. We're taking our own money or apex·s money and making investments in the marketplace that allow for us to get some incremental value on top of the pmx rates to offer something of value to our dients.
Sol'lll'llexplainwhatthatallmeansinmore detail.
But it's it's really, really important to understand the difference between the two marketplaces.
So I've sort of mentioned most of this already, but what this allows for us to do is Dr. incremental value and benefits for our clients.
So again. we use our our group capital. This allows for us to manage volatility in the in the marketplace is one of the things that it does. So this this example l often 1Jse is getting a little old


So I probably should come up with another one, but one of the easiest eXilmples that you could thinkabouL
Out is during COVID a lot of out of home companies.
Obviously we're losing out because people weren"t buying a lot of out of home at the time
And So what group did was make investments with those-companies that allowed for them to, you know, essentially stay afloat in exchange for that. we got something else in return, which was even more advantageous rates than our pmx rates.
So when things would return
We had something of value to offer our clients, sothere"sjustwaysthatwecan make these advanced investments in the marketplace.
That help out companies?
That's one of the key things that does need to help out our partners.
They can make they can do R&D.
They can do so much with this money, but it allows for us to make that investment.
I'm sorry when we make that investment, it helps them out and that gives us something a bock of value in return. We assume all of the risk with partners for these.
So ifwe make an investment in something that we can't eventually se-11, that doesn't come back to the client in any sort of way, again because we're using group capital. so that there's no risk fortheclients,it"s fullyriskforthegroup.
None of this is contingent on any sort of dient spend.
And it basically rt:'s not. we don"t own the inventory.
For the most part, we do have some exclusive offerings. but we don't own the inventory and we're not reselling inventory.
So these are some really important things to understand about APEX and a lot of misconceptions about it. I would say that also APEX has evolved tremendously through the last several years. And I would say.
Really. really evolved over the last two to three years. So if you've been here for a long time and you knew apex one way, please just make sure that you understand all the ways that it's evolved.
I didn't actually know this, Had to build on iL
So again, the the purpose is to really listen to the marketplace.
To to make sure that we're making these investments at the right lime that we are paying attention to where investment is going in the group and we're looking for new innovative solutions.
That we are just tiying to think ahead of the marketplace as much as possible so that we can make these strategic Investments ahead of anybody else.
And again, in exchange for that, we get some to offer our clients something of value.
This also sometimes mean that thing of value may be that we have exclusive access to something.
So 1"11 tell you some examples of that a little bit later, but just know that sometimes that's wtiat it comes with
It allows for us to just have exclusiv€ access.
So ( sort of mentioned this already. but just to really make sure that we understand.
Apex really.
Is when they·re building out solutions. It needs to be something that benefits all. AU thrff of these here. so benefits the consumer in some sort of way, the marketplace or our partners and our clients.
So sometimes you know I'll have somebody reach out to me to ask. Hey, this this partn€r isn't available through APEX.
Can apex talk:to them and strike a deal with them? Well, potentially yes.
And we always want to explore those opportunities. But there has to be something that we can give that partner in value and there has to be something that we can offer more than one client to make this something
That's, you know, scalable and innovative enough. So we love it when there's something that's new out there that somebody might be interested in. And again, we want to mak:e sure that we're making these bets ahead of the marketplace.
Maybe if we can make an investment with them.
There's something really cool that we can do and offer more of our clients, but conversely.
There might be a partner that that you want to work: with that is not available through Apex and mayb€ it doesn't make sense for us to strike a deal with them because we can't come up with something that will be advantageous for them as well or we Don.
Think ifsscalable enough?
So it"sjust important to know that it has to really be something that can add value to all of these and from a consumer perspective, where that really means is just that.
Given that.
The mark:etplace is becoming more and more fragmented and consumers are changing the way that they sort of engage with media.
That we·re we're making sure that we·re sort of finding themintherightplace.
So that's how it has to benefit all three of these partners.
Apex does offer solutions across pretty much every channel.


You heard me say earlier b:ceptforsearch
So! would say that apex is always evolving its offerings.
We didn't have social until late last year, so I used to always say apex can offer everything except for search and social. and now it's just search.
So I say that because you should always check in thepartne-rsthatareavai1able
Thechannelsthatareavailable. they"realways changing, so it's always worth checldng back in a quick ping. To me, a quick e-mail to me and I can help validate to see if there's something ttiat we can do because again. it is constantly evolving on the right hand side
You see some a few eKamples of tiow apex can provide value to a client, and I mentioned some of this earlier today.
So the main way that.
People use apex is for efficiency
So that first box media savings and reinVi"stment. They"re they're kind of ttie same thing, but just
sortof.
b:ecuted it a little bit differently
So ifwe did media savings, ttiat would just mean you have 1DOK budget
Instead of giving the whole 100K to apex, you would get. Maybe you know 5% of savings.
So let's say now your invoice isonly for $95,000.
lnsteadofttie 100K.
Conversely, if you wanted to do reinvestment. So you so the first example you're getting 100K worth ofmediafor95 K.
The reinvestment just says spend the full tOOK and give me more value thiin I would get in the market with going going to the marketplace witt, JUSt100K.
So again. they're very. very similar. But for Novartis, given that they require for us to provide them hard savings back. we can only do media savings.
So at any point when you're interacting with apex and the apex team is trained on this, if you get pustiback from them about trying to do reinvestment or that you want to spend all of ttie money. ttiat will likely be escalated
Because we do need to make sure that we're only doing savingsunlesswehavean exception that's been approved.
I wm1't go into too much of these others. but I'm Just going to quickly touch on them so ttiat you have an understanding in case you work on other accounts throughout ttie group.
But I did already mention a little bit about guaranteed outcomes.
When I was talking about Epsilon. we also have that ability ttirough a few of our other partners as well. And this is something that technically we could we could use on the account. even though I said most of the time we have to media savings we could opt.
For guaranteed outcomes.
Again, we'll just have to review it and have an eKception
I won"t really go through the rest of these the rest of these are are more about if we have. if our loyalty plan looked a little bit different.
Some clients would build ttiose where that value ttiat they're creating that extra saviogs that they're creating.
Fundsotherttiings like Maybe they're one of them.
Maybe is a proJect at the client that ttiey want to invest in within their own walls.
Maybeit"screatingnewcontentthattheythat they need to have created?
Whatever it may be, there"s just a variety of ways thatapexcanworkwiththeclient.butagain. I don't want to confuse our relationship with Novartis.
By going over too many of these
So again, another very important thing to understand is that APEX offers a fully transparent media delivery model
lt"sjust a bundled pricing model. So the way to think about this is just like when you go out into the marketplace.
And you're working with a managed service partner. You don't see the breakout of how much of the CPM is going towards their staff?
How much goes towards media? You don't ,ee any of ttiat..right?
So the same thing will bewithape:x.
You're not seeing how much apex and the client will not see how much apex is buying the media for what, what they will see as a rolled up CPM thatindudesallofttiat.
All of the things on the in the green boxes here, but we will show the client tran parent media delivery and placements I have.
A ,lide that I'll remember to throw into the appendix.
That shows you by channel exactly what reporting would look like.
But this is a a common misconception ttiat APEX does not provide transparent media delivery and I just want to make sure that we all understand that they do.
On the bottom side, you see a little bit of what I mentioned already
So apex pricing is a it's a non disclosed cost model.
So it's bundled cost model. The clients will just receive that aggregated cost, but just like ttiey would receive it with any other vendor, they would work with in the marketplace. Ifs imnmfant to nntPHut thPrP i " rlnuhlP nnt in

forapex.Sothedient,anyclientin. The group is available to them.
They need to opt into it in their MSA. And in addition.
Eveiy time that we put apex on a plan, we do have to disclose that it's apex because we are making money off of of of those buys. So because we make money off of the buy
We need to disclose that to the client
Again, we won't disclose how much. but we need to disclose it to them since we you are their agency and buying on behalf of them
So when we're working with APEX.
I mentioned value based solution before or VBS.
It'simportant to understand that VBS is outside of the core services that you all provide the client. and be<:ause of that as I mentioned. it's only available to group <:lients
There is that double opt in need, so opting in at theMSAandatthe Buy authorization level. It's a bundled pricing model so we won't disclose any of that that pricing.
Or what we you know, we won't be transparent with how much isgoing towards media staffing and how much is is margin for us. But the other thing is we have to pro11ide incremental value to our client most often as you've heard me mention multiple Times Now that.
lsinthisformof vings.
We can also do guaranteed outcomes that I mentioned.
But the other thing that more and more that apex is doing is investing in exclusive content that is only available through APEX
Or building out exclusive solutions that are of only available through APEX
I'm going to go through a couple of those examples in just a little bit for you so you can understand them, but those are the main things is ttiat we tiave to provide something that's incremental value to the client
So that means they can"t get it somewhere else outside of of apex or again the sort of efficiency that we can beat the rate that they would get in the marketplace.
So those are the most important ttilngs to understand here. This creative business focused commercials.
That it's it's good for you to know that apex can stiow up a lot of different ways and get very creative with the solutions that we offer. I would say for Novartis mainly with that wtiat that looks like Is our loyalty plan. If you've worked under other account
So there's other ways that we can show up for our clients. but that would really be through through like Danielle or or somebody that I would have the conversations with to understand what their needs are and we would develop something tor them
But then the thing to understand is that there'sa lot of customization available through APEX.
So one of the most important things that I'm going to tell you today hint this may be something on the quiz.
I don't know if I'm allowed to say that but I just did.
Really, really important to understand how to work with APEX.
So.
Really apex should be
You should reach out to me or to apex for what's called the spec process or for specking through specX
You should do that before you ever go out into the marketplace and RFP or partners. The minute that you go out and RFP a partner where you"re actually talking about budgets
And you know, sharing numbers and whatnot Apex loses their leverage with that partner.
To negotiate a better rate
And the reason for that is, again, you heard me talk about earlier when Apex is showing up, the purpose is that it's beneficial to the partner and benefl.cialtothedient.
So if the client is already, if the if the partner knows that the client is already going to spend X number of dollars with ttiem.
Then it'snot beneficial for the partner to buy to get that media for less money ttirough apex. So it is OK.
It's important to understand it is
Absolutely. OK. For you to always talk with your partners. we want all of you to have marketplace expertise. We want you to ha11e those relationships.
It's incredibly important for you to always have those. You can take meetings with these partners. The only thing that you shouldn"t do is talk about dollars.
So once we start talking about Cpm's dollars or even a dollar and an impression of anything that come back into the math, that's where we can get into some trouble.
I will say this if that happens. please just tell me. And we will work something out.
Most of the time, again, that means Apex won't
be able to get the buy or to to activate the buy.
Sometimes I can find a work around, but most likely it'll bea little bit too difficult to do that.
So what this slide is basically s;iying is you're going to do your normal process with step one and Step 2. You know you're going to get your strategic plan approved
You're sort of going to understand, you know, you'll have your briefing prooess and then you're going to go to apex spec them.


Apex should rnme back
Within a pretty quick time to say whether they canaddvalueornot.
So they may turn back a spec
Sometimes they'll say something like, you know that ttiere's no value that they can add on the.
For for that campaign, what that means is that they cannot beat the benchmark that you've provided the client or that you've provided apex or they can't.
There'sJust nothing additional that they can do that you cou n't get in the marketpla(e.
This.
Turn back.
Process is really it's a good thing.
We want to make sure that that means that it's working.
And it's OK that apex can't take 100% of your buys,. beLluse if they can't add value and you can buy the media for the same price in the marketplace, it would be di ngenuous to ttie apex busines.smodel for us to still try to take that
b,y
Fromforfortheclient
S:o this is a. This is part of the process and that means it's worbng when we're evaluating appropriately this way.
One of the really important things to understand that you've heard me Just mention is that again. apex does need to be able to ofter that value on top of the rate, the pmx rate or the the marketplace rate. We do require that ttiat benchmark is what it'scalled
That that benchmark comes from the agency,
Apex cannot benchmark their own media. If they were to do that
That they could get into trouble 1fwe get audited
So they cannot ofter their own benchmarks. What you would need to do is either look at the pmx

So you can look and look those up and stiaH! that with with apex or you would just look at a historical CPM that you you know, if you bought Spotify before, what do you normally get for Spotify and what's important to understand also herethatit'sforthe?
Particular type of buy that we're talking about?
Because Novartis is a Pharmac dient and they're highly targeted,
You know, adding on a targeting layer and adding on any GOS or adding on ;my other sort of.
Anything else to to the to the buy obviously increases the CPM. So we need to make sure that you also are benchmarking appropriately and not just son of making up a number or taking something from a client a different type of client who may not have as a.
Specific target.
Meeting as Novartis would have, if you're ever really struggling to figure out what to do, please let me 1:now and I'll happy to help you help you navigab;, what we would do is really just leverage the investment team at N2 and then if needed if

Find the right rate. We would actually go into StarcominvestmentCoe.
So whether that's Kyle's team?
Or we would, you know, maybe go over to Amy or somebody to make sure that we can get the the correct rate, but it's really, really important
That the benchmarking process is followed appropriately.
After all of that everything really runs as normal. Apex will manage the buy.
You will be.
They'll be the intermediate intermediary between you and the.
Execute the buy and then do billing and whatnot from there.
So everything else should just run as normal Atrigtit.
So now rm gonna talk through really 2 sections.
Just in the interest of time. I kind of JUSt pulled up two things that are new offerings through APEX.
Again, I want to note that Novartis i.salready using APEX for some video buys. so we can buy cable we can buy.
You 1:now, I'm gonna actually go through a few of the the video opportunities right now, but there's a lot of opportunities there.
So please always Just che.:k in the team for our national video team ls honestly amazing.
They're one of my favorite teams at Apex. Scott's phenomenal to work with and very creative ttiinker so. so please don't ever be shy with reaching out to the team.
Again, YouTube, you alr,>ady buy quite a bit from Apex Audio
You buy quite a bit from apex if you're ever looking for different audio opportunities.
Wtiether we want Apex S and partners outside of the main, I heart. Pandora. Spotify.
So if we ever need more reach, or if we it you're, or if you don't care which panner it goes to, there's opportunities witti apex through audio as well. And then as I mentioned earlier, Cinema Apex works with both.
Both mean cinema partners and also we can buy out of home through APEX as well.
So all of those. I'm not going to cover today.
They·re pretty traditional channels, but Just know ttiatttiey'reallavailable.Mainlywhatlwantto   talk about is that apex this year, and I know this is
a li1tle late to tiave this conversation. but the nnot1nPW i th,,t mnd nf thP inv""'fmpnf IP:,rl

have already seen all.
Of this I just want to inform you of how this works. Apex has evolved in partnership with Pmx. Their overall upfront offering this year.
So previously what you s on the left hand side is ttiat you would eittier go through pmx or apex for your upfront. Most clients would go through Pmx and then if for some reason they couldn't participate in the pmx marketplace, they would maybe buy through apex as just.
Anefficiencyplaythisyear.againinstrong partnerstiip.
Apex and Pmx partnering together in this. There's really an opportunity for upfront buys to be through both pmx and apex at the same time.
Time with Apex now offering some more bespoke solution sets.
That you can use your upfront dollars for to sort of have either exclusive acces.s to something or you're going to see some examptes of what I show you right now
Kind of evolved offerings in the marketplace.
So the new to market offerings that came about this year, Apex Sports, the group has been doing a tremendous investment in. in sports overall, as you hopefully all are aware, not only through women's sports Connect,.which is the group's commitment to women's sports and making
HeallY investments in exclusive inventory, but also in full like360viewof
A 360 holistic opportunity for how you can.
Approach women sports through sponsorships. talent, media support again exclusive IP and in addition to women's sports, we just generally apexiscontinuetoevolvetheirsportsoffering.
There's an opportunity with fast channels c;illed fastX.
So those are the free ad¥ertising supported channels that are available. Again. rm going to go ttirough a little bit more examples of this, but there's an opportunity with apex there.
There's an opportunity now worth like lower funnel.
I'm sorry. longer tail cable. Partners.
And then from an unwired perspective, Apex is Alfred Unwired for quite some time
But it's now has an opportunity to guarantee outcomes for a few different verticals and then pmx lift is listed on here as well, mainly because we are asking folks to register quote, UN quote register their pmx lift dollars in Denali as part of the upfront but just lmow.
That is bought in an upfront manner. !'m not going to cover pmx lift in this section.
I'm going to cover it in the next section, but just so I'm going to say it now, none of that is bought in an upfront manner.
We alwa% buy it campaign by campaign, so the buys are not firm until the 10 is issued.
So I just want to note though ttiat we are asking folks to do that.
So jumping into what these lool:::like. Excuse me, apex sports.
So I already mentioned a few of these things Women's sports now is part of women's sports Connectstieearns.
It is an opportunity to work with female athletes. And then last year, we made a very big investment in players era and it returns ttiis year.
With more teams and also with a woman's component as well we will actually be having those materials available later this weel:::. So I'm I'll be sharing that out with a few of you. I believe we should have that by Thursday at the latest.
In the middle you see some opportunities. I do want to make sure that I really touch on this first one here Sports cast live.
We did somewhat share this with the client earlier this year and Katie was a little interested in it. So I want to make sure that we're aware of what this is. It allows for us to be in game.
On CTV, if you're already buying these games. and rf you're if you're already investing in these with your cable or something. this would not be.
Be duplicating that This is basically working with like MLB.com and working with the partners directly and through with their exclusive inventory. It allows for us to have an ad in either an L bar or you can see sort of here on this first example. It's just sort.
Of moved to the side and there's a creative there who can be in game with some really cool

What also allows for us to do is like own a moment. So for instance.
If there'sa goal
You can have some creative. Basically the technology works that it sees that when there is a goal and then it can activate some sort of, you know, cool creative opportunity there.
These are all customizable
And the new add on which is the thing below thatwithcreatorcastiswecanactuallyhave working with influential. We (an have athletes as inRuencer"'
Be the creator.
Create the creative for us for create that content
For us, so this is really, really new. The first campaign thi!t we activated with this was in Q4 of last year.
It was actually with a Starcom account and it was successful and that client is going to continue to invest in it.
So now we're rolling this out across the group. So again. just just be aware of these as you think

There's some really cool opportunities that apex can can offer, and the more just kiod of strategic conversations that we have together.
The more that we can bring these these rnol opportunities forward to you.
And then I already mentioned, oh, actually that this is different.
S.orry, this bottom one is talking about using fanatics data so apex does have a partnership with fanatics. It allows for us to reach some sports audiences.
So again, just as you think about sports overall, know that APEXhas a ton of opportunities.
S.ome of these are exclusive to sports cast live You cannot buy th;it anywhere in the marketplace.
That is an e)(clusi11e to the group
Players era is something that we have exclusive rights to bought
To sell sponsorships for or media adjacency to, we have a period of time where we can sell that before we open it up lo the marketplace.
Woman sports. Now she earns it.
These are e)(dusive to the group and you can see these are in partnership with some some great names like Roku and NBC. So. S.o lots of opportunities there
The bespoke media plans on the right hand side. I'm not gonna cover right now.
Just know that again everything is super customizable.
I mentioned this a little bit earlier, but fast channels, so these are these again ad supported channels that you would get like to be Pluto or when you·re logged into like Samsung. it"s those kind of free channels that you get rid of-
Roku channel you can see that these have.
They're gaining eyeballs and viewership tremendously.
So what fast sexdoe:;:through apex is allows you with 11 buy.
Activate across all of these fast channels, so if there's interest in something lil::e this, again. know that there is an opportunity for us to buy this through apex at a very efficient rate
And then. V<cuseme.
And then. sorry, we have the opportunity for.
Buying cable through Apex as welLyou can always buy cable through apex. but there's also an opportunity now for us to.
And again apex worbng with pmx that a lot of the long tail cable buys will probably go through apex where Pm)( will create partnerships and their deals with you know the NBC
And what not of the world.
S.o again.just know that these offerings are available here as you have questions, please feel free to reach out and ask what I didn't mention in the process slide.
Apologies, what I didn't mention in the process slide is again we do require that spec X with the benchmark to happen.
But that"s when we·re getting closer to actually. you know. knowing what we want we're always happy to have a briefing call with you or if we want to move things. you know, upstream from Investment over to to the planning and strategy.
Folks, I'm tiappy to get on a call with you or to bring my counterparts from apex over to brainstorm ideas we can do thought starters when you need to move. When you know that you·re going to need to move really, really quickly in the marketplace because the CL.
Gives you a. You know very difficult deadline.
I would highly encourage that we have some conversations up front before you go to Spec XI.
Fully understand that spec Xis a cumbersome process.
And so we want to make sure that before you go through that.
That we have. in a sense of what apexcan offer
yo,
S.o if you ever want to bramstorm and strategize. I can make sure that I bring the right folks to do that.
And then unwired again, I want to mention that APEXhas oHered an unwired opportunity for severalyear1;now.
But the new thing that they're adding on this year is an opportunity for guaranteed outcomes
Now l"m not going to go through this too long because there aren"t probably a ton of opportunities for Novartis. But again,;ust want to note, you can see some of ttie opportunities here on the right tiand side that we can look at things like foot traffic we can.
Guarantee that for them or web traffic or credit card sales.
S.o this would be a national buy and then we can again we can guarantee these outcomes to them.
S.o this is a very unique opportunity. And then finally I
Believe I briefly mentioned this earlier, that APEX has now rolled out social opportunities.
So we started with Tiktok last year.
Have officially rolled out SNAP and Reddit.
V<cuse me, have we've rolled those out now and now meta and then Linkedln will be coming soon.
There. you know. my guess is we will continue to look at other social partners and continue to try to create deals with them.
S.o if there's something not that you don't see on the screen that you would like to look at.
Let me 1::now and I can let you know what those conversations may look like, but I'm not going to


go over.
I'm not going to double tap into all of these because they get v,e_ry nuanced.
I wouldjLJstsaythat.
Know that we have the capabilities to buy.
Pretty much anything that you can buy in platform we can buy through apeKand some of the things that you would go through like a direct 10 for some, 5ome sort of takeover or whab1ot. We could have most of those depending on the partner. Most of those are.
Available throughapeK
As well
So mostly what the offering will be is in terms of savmgs.
And we actually do have hands on Key's teams at APEXnow who can do who actually be activating most of these buys?
So I know that the client does spend, you know, a bit on on with social partners. If you're interested in learning more.
Please please let me know. We do have some lunch and learns coming soon too that we will be rolling this out at a grander scale
Thatwaseverythingwithapex.
So now we're gonnajump into Lyft.
I did take out some of the landscape content in here just because this was getting a little bit long, so I'm gonna kind of jump into what Lyft is. but I'm gonna pepper in a little bit of landscape information just in case you are, you know, in JUSt.
To make sure that we·re all educated on on that. we can ignore this be<:ause this is not the correct agenda.
All right so
I left him just a couple of things In here, bul Sorry.
Obviously, we know that you know people are
watching TV. Our our big screen.
There are a variety of different formals you know you can see here. Some options like people aren't on iPad, they're watching it on their TV
Of your wall to get through cable.
Watching it ttirough a streaming partner, whatever it may be, it's a very fragmented space and it's becoming more and more fragmented overtime.
The number of cord cutters is going up.
Linear TV household penetration is going down, so these things just mean that our normal ways of buying media. which I don"t even know if we can say they're normal anymore because I think most people have evolved their their strategies.
They'rejust not going to reach the people people with the way they they used to.
And because of all that
The folks who are reached are overreached, so we're over frequencying people
You can see here 87 of the impressions only reach 24% of the overall target audience.
So and and we·re again, they're seeing the ad way too many times. And then most people are actually never seeing
Never seeing the ad or seeing it not enough times.
And part of ttiat is again, as I mentioned, this sort of fragmentation.
Of how we're watching TV. So I live in a small one bedroom apartment, but myself.
But I have two Samsung TV's and rometimes I watch my
TV through Samsung, whether ifs through their, you know, their free channels or I'll log into one of my, you know, Netfiix or whatever through Samsung
Sometimes I'm watching it through my Apple TV and wmetimes I'm logged into a cable
Vmb PD.
Through my Apple TV as well.
So there'sa lot of different ways that I'm consuming media
And based on that, it makes it very challenging to understand, you know what my household is.
So ifyou'n."buying this in a fragmented way with each of these partners, you really could actually be targeting the same person multiple times.
So given all of these challenges that we sort of JUsttalkedabout.
Declining viewership, this fragmentation
Basically. lift was sort of created as a response to that.
So what lift allows for us to do is we have exclusive data rights.
So we got access to this again, like I believe it was in 2021 when we rolled this product out as part of our pmx negotiations with the partners. We negotiated access to
The MVPO and CTV subscriber data. So we·retheonly.
You know. dense who doesn't hav,e_ this. WPP doesn"t have this.
The only agency that can offer this, and the only agency that has access to all this data at this time.
So it gives U5 a Jot of information and allows for us to do some of the things that I'm going to talk aboutonP mix.
Lift is a practice overall, so they have folks who are staffed.
Pmx lift. We have enabl€ment team. so they·re really here for education.
We have the an activation team, ro they're the ones who are stewarding the buys.
We have measurement folks that the lift team is a


Very large team. It's continuing to grow as our clients are continuing lo inV1:!sl in lift overall
So just think of it as a centralized practice wittitn the group that offers a few different proprietary product'>.
And then finally on the rigtit hand side, you see that there·scross providerinsigtits
Ttiis comes from a measurement perspecti\le. When we get into reporting that we will show an aggregate information across all partners.
Finally, the thing to note is that all of this is rooted in Epsilon score ID.
So the thing that I talked about al the very beginning of all ofth orearly on In all of this that people based identity, all of pmx lift is rooted in that so that.
We'reatlastforaCDdupe  A lot of the the households. So lyft ha:sd. irect integration.
So when we started, it was really Mvpd's and
Oem's so like LG, Samsu11g a11d Vizio. Roku came later.
And.
And then we started integrating with other partners like Hulu, Peacock. Wbd and this where it says coming soon in 2025.
Sorry, that's a little outdated. We do actually have all three of these partners available now.
So all of these are available through lyft with direct integrations that they have.
What that means is, as we go about buying.
We have a lot of opportunity to be setective of ourpart·nersel.
Now, today.just so you know, we mainly buy the MVPD. So the left hand side and the OEMs
So LG. Vizio, Samsung. we do not buy Roku yet but we are having conversation:s.about doing it and the11the partners below that we have oat yet added those into the Novartis buys, but it is available.
So what we do is our data allows for us to be really again consumer first or audience first rather than thinking about you know
Thinking about a buy with Comcast or Samsung or whatever and who what their footprint is. we're actually just starting with the audience and reachingthemwheretheyare.
So again, we're leveraging core IDso that we have all thisinformation about who this household is and then Yre have the Yre marry that with the
The subscriber data that we're getting from the Mvpd's and th<=CTV partn0=rs, since those are
also going to resolve to an even address. it allows for us to understand what households.
You know video.
Household looks like, so we can see how many CTV partners that they're subscribed to, how many MD Pd's that th,ey're subscribed to.
Wehaveallthatinformation.
So what that allows for us, or let me, but we have our three solutions targeted linear reach.
Addressability lift local
There's also some variations of some of these, with intro addressability. We also have a sports offering where we can target sports a1Jdiences. We have something new with targeted linear reach
That's called TLR Plus. which also adds in Disney


I'm not going to go through all of those today in the interest of time
Just know that there's a lot of opportunities for us within lift butthemain one that makes sense forthewaythatnavart.
This goes to market today for their video strategy is true addressability.
So what this allows for us lo dois to dedupe reach, because we're going to dedupe the households the way that was just kind of explaining, we have a one to one connection with those households
So rtl explain that a tittle bit more.
So again, you have a lot of different ways that you can consume media in your house.
This might look like three differe111people. One who's a discon customer.
Is Roku and one is video but in reality with Lyft. we can actually see this isall one person.
So instead of buying the same person across dish. Rol:::u, and Vizio and probably over frequencingthemwhat?
We.
OK.
Sorrye\lerybody.
One second to get the deck back up.
Ne you seeing the deck or you seei11g? let's see. Hold on

DT DanicllcTlllc 1:12:34
Gabe said his computer is restarting so he's he's tryingtofigureitout.

£•::Nb:::y.1:B
Idon't know what's happened to my computer, but at least this time it's not going as slow.
So I think it might be this restart worked. OK.
Here we go. So as I was sort of saying we can sort of resolve this into
We can resolve all of this to one person. Umm
And so that helps us to, you know, as I was

"'"""u'""  '"'""""" '"""Y"""Y'"""' <>uu..:,
that person across three different providers or
three different partners with the tendency to over frequency them. And so we want to obviously not do that. And so lift allows for us to.
Balance all of this because we're decluping this person.
We're only targeting them The onetime.
S.oyoucan sort of see.
You heard me talk about this earlier.
This sort of like overlap avoidance cost that that's something that value that we provide the dient. It's not in hard savings,,b. ut it's just some some
sort of overall value where they might spend
normally in this example that you can see on the bottom this you know $823,000 for this buy. We can actually el(ecute it and reach the same.
Number of people. For at 15%1esscost.
Because they had so much overlap between.
The because they had overlap between these people across these partners, it allows for us to dedLJplicate that and Just be much more efficient with the buy, which then means that we can actually go farther with the dollars that they have and reach more incremental households than they could
Before.
S.o again, the core thing here just being that allows for us lo deduplicate audiences, increase reach overall to net new households.
That you wouldn't be able to access before the real way for us to get value out of this as we Just think a little bit one step down from here is that mostly actually as we're adding more CTV partners inhere. thisisalrttle bit less true.
Bui when we're thinking across the Mvpd's most.
Most consumers are obviously not going lo have multiple cable partners, so for just doing only Mvpd's, we wouldn't really be able to provide.
Much value to the client. What we want to make sure we're doing is adding CTV and Mvpd's together because folks would have, you know, potentially a Comcast plus. LG Plus 28. or whatever it may be now. Again, as we've added some more of these CTV stream.
Partners available here. It does mean that.
Somebody might have access to a few of these different partners.
Bui just just want lo point out that lhere"s some nuance to the way that we do our partner selection.
To make sure that we are actually adding value for the client.
Another thing to point out. as we think about the new different. the new partners that we have available here.
So there's some examples of a few of them where we can do this.
If you're doing like a buy, let's say with Pearnck.
That is not necessarily using the same audiences thatweusewithourlift.
Buy what we can do i5 in partnership with with NBCUis.
They could suppress our lift audience from your normal buy.
While - do our lift by that's a little bit more of a targeted by which allows for you to really maximize reach across the across the board.
S.o we can do that with who? Peacock. Roku and wbd.
S.ojust know that if you have any bLJys that you're doing directly.
Again, the key though is that we wouldn't want to buy
That's using the same strategic audience as lyft. That1ust wouldn't make sense because ttien Your direct buy would be.
We would be excluding that full audience JUSt wouldn't make sense if you're doing a little bit more of a broadly targeted buy, a non lift buy or a non audience target buy or even just a broader buy.
Weblnar strategic audiences within lift then this is a reallygood opportunity for you to maximize as much as possible
We are working to try to el(pand the partnership. The partner list here beyond these four partners here. but this is who, who we can do this with today
And then we're almost at the end here.
Just wanted to note again that we have, through Lyft. we provide comprehensive reporting across allthe partners in the solutions.
So with true address.ability, we would give you this information. So the deduplication value in savings, that's the amount that I spoke about earlier In that example, that was like 15%.
We'll show yoLJEpsilon audience insights.
S.o we'lljust kind of talk about from Epsilon's perspective. all that information that they have

Who did we target?
Wtiat did we learn about them?
DMA reporting for MMM and we will do a mid campaign reporting for flights that are over 10 weeks. And again we're going to aggregate this acrossallthepartnersonthebLJy.
S.o instead of getting a separate report from Comcast and Roku and Samsung, you're just going to get one aggregated report across the board. So that way you can look at the the results holistically.
I won't spend a ton of time here, but I just wanted to note that ttiere's also advanced


measurement solutions available for pharma. Obvioosly that would be something like script lift.
So we do have those available and then you can see on this screen you know if you work on other accounts or if there's ever for some reason an opportunity with Novartis that we would want to do a different type of measurement.
There is a lot of opportunrties available here and you can see who a lot of the partne are on the bottom.
This I left in here.
This is from a deck that the Lyft team presented actually very recently to some of the the N two team.
But I did want to let you know that we are going to be testing this out with a campaign this quarter wliere we're going to be retargeting households who saw the 62nd spot witti a 15 s.econd reminder video. And we'll be doing this onCTVasson.
Of a test.
So it's a really cool opportunrty.
It is something that I would say, you know, we know that Novartis like-sto be very innovative
::mdforwardthinking.
It's something that they actually.
You know them and and. And you all had brought to usas an idea.
So rm really e.:cited aOOut this lt'sveryinnovatiw.
It's a first to market opportunity and it's something that I think shows how when we all work together and collaOOrate and talk about wtiat the overall objectives ,ire that it allows for our various teams, whether it's Lyfl. Apex, Epsilon
Influential ii ,illows for us to bring really cool customized solutions forward
So again, wanted to note this asmething cool that we'll be testing and the fact that this just highlights that the collaboration and the work together is really important for all of us.
So I believe, yeah, that's my last slide.
Thank you for for bearing with me through my computer issues ,ind for me talking for so long.
I would say if there's any questions, I'm h,ippy to answer them.
And if not.


o Jc foscph 1 :40:3.d­
Th1s 1s Jerry.
So sorry if I missed it. but I know through pm.: lift where you're doing the true addressabilrty. but then for for Novarfa, we're buying that through apex.


i;•: ::e:::u s::: Yeah. sorry I didn"t.
I didn"t include that so so when we think about the solutions that are available through pm.: lift these through heretargetliterallyreachthrough addressability and lift local.
All of these are avail,ible to buy through pm.: on a disclosed buy. So on a Commission based model.
And then true addressability is of end lift local are available through APEX as well.
So we W<Juld move from the disclosed Commission model to APEX and we are currently buying it that way.
The name Pmx lift is a little misleading be<:ause it imply it somewhat implies that you're buying it througti pmx. but it is actually ,ivailable. Some of the solutions are available through Ape)(and we did move to APEX in Q4 of last )'f'"ar.

OJcrryJoscph  1'4UO
Oh.thank you
•::i:	1
 ::11y. : ::o you mow, and especially for Novartis, ttiey do have, they have a an exc:,eption.
They get everything that they were getting from the disclosed model through apex minus again. the obviously we·re doing the bundled costs. but they"retheonlyclient.
So p ase, if you ever work on another account. know that Novartis has an exception that we actuallyalsobreakoutby partner for them.
In our reporting
In a way ttiat we wouldn't do that with other accounts. So they are the only account with the group ttiat has that that because Katie negotiated that in
Any other questions?
Well, as you think of any at any point. please feel freetoe-mailme.
Ping me if you're in New York again.
I'm happy to come see you in person with just a

..	2025 N2 Bootcamp Business Understanding-2,.. ff- v	fJ Search	?
(Ji)	6lJ Record v  f Upload * Favorite + Playlist	Teamsv

X


CJ
Al-generated content may be incorrect
ArshdeepKaurstart<!dtranscript10n	l:::::
0:03



JohnS a 0:04
Should I start? Are you starting? What are we doing here?









2025 N2 Bootcamp: Business Understanding

JuneS,2025 Expires in 116days • Oviews • SharePointApp • HO • ··· ) Documents ) Recordings


boot camp today.
You know, one of the things that I think.
A lot of us have found value in is understanding the conte)(Ibehind sort of the the why behind the what we do a lot of a lot of won: that is is you know task based.
So today we're going to take a moment a pause. if you will, to understand a little bit behind
Why are we doing all of these things. and how do
they hnk to a bigger?
You could call 1t a machine.
You could also call it a purpose.
And so we're John and I are just gonna take you through


JohnS a 0:44 Mm.
ct	7
 1: :: :::::::: :r::: g: you know client business and understanding who our clients are and how you would go about any understanding any client and getting deeper into.
More than just we know that they manufacture.
They're in the pharma catl'gory and the second­ half 1s gonna be about why or how.
How what we do and you know, we heard a little bit about this yesterday from Gabe about agency and how the agency makes money and that 1f the agency makes money, that's how we all get paid as well.
So really just linking behind behind the scenes and giving you that foundation to understand a little bit more of the conte>rt. a little bit more of of why we're all here and.
We'llstart.

JohnS a 1:.36
Yeah. And I think the other lhing just as we we go
through lhe.


John, John. You"re you·re you muted yourself.

ArshdeepKaur h48
You're muted.

JohnS a 1:52
Like off to a great start. All I was saying is that we're gonna go through a lot of information today and, you know. it's thmk about one to two things that you either want to get curious on or leam a little bit more about or that you could
Bring.
To your. The way you show up every day within the agency and at the clients and to Lauren's point, it's really sort of that marriage between
What are our clients doing?
In the marketplace to make money and and. you know also make a difference in the world. right?
We're hoping that any company that we work with has a mission and they're out to create change 1n the world and pos1t1ve change and provide.
Unmet needs.
And deliver them to the people that we save. whethE!f" it's Heps or consumers. And then that sort of parallel or mirror image, what are we domg as agency partners?
And how do we make money in a way that is hopefully profitable for both sides, right?
So in a good relationship, there 1s an equilibrium and a partnership.
And that's really what we're trymg to poke a little bit more at today and provide you guys with some tools to just see the broader contelCIof both our business and our dient's business.
So should we go to the nel(I.slide? So I thmk we can skip this.
We're gonna start wrth understandmg what are some of the essential things that are JUSI useful again for us as a group of people working on the Novartis busmess to just pause occasionally and think a little bit about you know, how's the client doing?
How are they doing m the marketplace? What are they concerned about?
In the marketplace. there's a lot going on In the world that Novartis.
Lives 1n that we don't touch. We touch a very
nPnfir n;irt nf tni>,r hu •nf""". whirh , ,rrounfl

marketing and reaching the consumers and the people that we need to reach.
But there is a whole ecosystem outside of that.
That causes a lot of agita and hope and worry, etcetera for our clients.
So it's good for us to h,ive ,1 little peek and a little understanding of that. Sometimes when we get requests. we might be able to ask that question around.
Is this because of new regulatory pres.sure?" lsthisbe<:ause of?
Youknowthetaritfsetc.
So just to have that understanding of although marketing is a really important part of what Novartis does, it's a very small part of what Novartis does in totality
So sign of understanding all those ldnds of things. and now we're going to get into more specifically around.
What i5 the core business and more importantly, how does Novartis see their core business and how do they communicate that to the world?
So a couple of things.
Again, think of these as Cheat Sheets.
These are probes and questions for you to think about. and you can use it when you·re working on an established business.
These are great questions to ask if you ever get voluntold for a new business pitch.
Really good questions. Just to get smart quickly about the category and the business you're working on.
And any time that again you Just need a little bit of areframe
Or refresh. So what industries? What categories do they play in?
What kind of products are they making?
What'r. their go to market approach 'c:m1se eve')' client does that vel)', very differently. And as we all know, there are a specific language in lingo that we need to team as good partners to Novartis to kind of understand how they talk about go to market strategies and what.
They try and do
Importantly, understanding the vast array of stakeholders.
Again beyond.
Sort of. Their agency partners within Novartis and frankly.
As equally important outside of Novartis, so like the investor community, things like that.
Regulatory bodies
And then;ust sort of understanding like what is the ove-rall competitive landscape?
So who do we need to keep our eye on to help protect the products and services that we're delivering as part of Novartis marketing team?
So I'm just gonna read some of this, because again, good grounding to really understand how Novartis sees themselves, they say. And they're very dear about this, that they are an innovative medicines company and this is important because Novartis over the past couple of years has really looted to
Focus their business on innovative medicines and therapiesthataresortof.
You know, underserved within the market.
So they have taken some of their lines of business andsoldthemotf.
Like Alcon is a great egmple. They had a whole more OTC and direc:t to consumer business that they've sold off.
And this really allows them to focus in the marketplace on delivering the-se innovations and innovative medicines to people.
So they r.ay their purpose isreimagining medicine to improve and extend people's lives. And when you think about.
You know, the day-to-day and how we think about the medicines and the products that.
We are responsible for serving in the marketplace. One moment guy,;
I'm gonna let my dog out. ·cause. He"s gonna be a
total pain in the ._	Come here, Arthur.
Meh Neal	7:46
Lauren.you're muted,
Joh,.Shea	7:50
Sorry about that guys.


CR.US.Chici>!Jo.35WWn<:ker.FL19.19002
Thank you.
Where John, I was just says hey, I was trying to talk. Thank you.
Where John was going with that was was the the closest e)(ilmple-swe have or most most obvious examples right now are pluvicto radiogram therapy lyotherraaswell.
Wherethatis.thatis.
1st in its class innovation in how you treat cance-r. specifically the cancers that Pu Victor treat.sand the way.
You treat it.
Extending people's lives is something that you will hear directly and copy from klsqali.
And NBC and EB metastatic.
Sorry for those who don't work on it. Metastaticbreastcancerandear1ybreastcancer.
That those those therapies are marketed as elClending the livesofthepatientsthattheytreat
So.
Now you got keep going, John.

Joh"Shea 8:47
Yeah. No, and I think and I think the the main really the main point of this is there is a deep belief that they are making change in the world and we need to be re:1-pectful of that right. So that when we are talking to them, we really.
Sort of play back.
What that is, because they they do have a deep belief in that when you loo!::at their vision, this idea of being the most valued and trusted medkine company in the workl, that's pretty big because there's other companies that have be-2n out there likeJ&J.
GSK, umm. And you can argue that this isa pretty heady goal for them to try and deliver.
I think the other two things I want to talk a little bit about that are just good for focus on the slide.
Again. reinforcing this idea that there's a really complex go to market ecosystem that includes everything from our patients to Hcp's and payer systems.right?
And that's going to be different.
By market right thesituation in Europe is very different from the US, where they have a one pair system over there and we have a sort of ii
confe-deration of both sort of national systems like Medicaid and Medicare as well as private

Employees are really important part of how they build and serve and deliver products.
Investors. That's a huge component and they are constantly looking at tiow Novartis is performing versus the competition regulators, right?
Again. that's something that's going to be acros.s milrkets that Novartis needs to constantly manage as well. And I should have put this on here
Sony, that was a miss. The agency ecosystem that helps service that
Before we switch, good to !::now US accounts for the lion's share ofles foNrovartis.
This team and what ttiis team does in the US is extremely important to Novartis's bottom line.

CR.US.Chicago.35"1Wack...-.FL19.19002 1053
So now we're going to go into the-ir marketing priorities.right?
This is walking us through businessoverview. marketing priorities, financial performance and thenandthenourroleand group's role.
Thingshere are the vision for the organization, their goals, which I'm laughing a little bit about because we as!:: every year for their marl:::eting goals and.
Sometimes we get them in November.
Access to internal documents, which we are-all very much familiar with, and know how, how valued their internal resources are.
KP is which are ii constant constant convE-rsation and and marketing marketing's role within the organization isa really interesting one because depending on the client that you work on, this could be an outsized role or an undersized role.
I think that we see that you know, we always talk about the brands behave differently.
Individual Brands Act almost as individual companies. and having seen now multiple sides of brands and brand teams, I would .say you know there are teams where the product team, you'll hearitasageneralmanager.
That is re:1-ponsible for overall product oftentimes.
Is is running the show in a brand like S£MIC but in a brand like Hiscali marketing has a very loud voice in that room and they work much. I would 5.'!Y they work much closer but in a more shared
relationship in terms of who's making decisions versus like.
Assemblix.where it is very clear that they are beholden to ttieir product
Organizationally, there supposed to work hand in hand.
They have groups called integrated Product Strategy Team lpst where marketing has a ,;e-at at that table and everyone has an equal seat at that table.
It is dependel1t upon brand how equal that equal really is, if you will.
What's on paper is not always what happens in in the in the room, if you will.
And then industry events, we are all very familiar with the one thing I would Sil)' about understanding marketing is understanding media's role within marketing.
Some perspective for you is we are all sitting here and we are all specialists, but we sit together as specialists and we all speak the .same language.
And personally, I love working at an agency because of that Having worked at the at clients. you quickly realize th.it you were the m1ly one that speal:::s that language
So something just to keep in mind wtien you're in a room With a marke-ting team oryou·re in a room with an analytics team.
Or what do they call themselves ca:1-t like you are the specialists in the room and you maybe be the only one who speaks that language and having a just having that context and remembering your the
The role and the importance that you play can help you get through some
Maybe toughe-r conversations or things that aren't really getting through to the person in the room because-.
For a marketing executive director of marketing. You may be 170th of their day is media.
And so that's another thing to keep in mind is that we say marketing and yes, we are a part of marketing, but we are a small part of what a marketer does.


 o this Is NovartIs·s three core strategies that they plan against on a it's supposed to be a three-year basis,butintheyarenotaloneinthis,theymake   three-year plans and then change them every year.
But you will hear the this called force multiplier formula.
You will also hear thiscalled impact reach, relevance and efficiency.
Against Reach. they think about optimizing channel management.
Against relevance, this is really where you think about.
About the the human ins hts and the creative optimizations that they're making.
They have a whole program called create Whichisanacronyminitself.
To elevate their creative and they're working very diligently with the aor's to change what it means to be, to change what a pharma commercial is.
And then efficiency, which I think you know, we play a pretty significant role in here. But what I do appreciate is when they wrote this and this is all of their their language.
That has been shared with us. Dependencies on efficiency are things like asset management investment over.;ight that's that's largely N2.. but data and tech infrastructure is something that we have people on the line right now that work very heavily in helping them, helping them through that and that.
ls efficiency also and thatandtheyviewthatas efficiency which 11personally appreciate because they're thinking about it more than just. How much did I save on this app.
So when we think about. How Novartis can play a role?
Sony. I'm going to go toggle back and forth a little bit.
Apologies, don't get dizzy. I don't.
I could not take out the the slide transitions I tried.
When we think about how do we help our clients deliver on their core strategies, we develop a vision and the vision as you will remember, if you were herelastyearwasvery
Focused
On on delivering flawless execution. accountability. thing:sl.ike that. Well, there'sa broader vision that we also deliver into this is Starcom, but we have.
We have one for PHM as well because we are obviously a po r of one account and it really comes up to how what we're going lo do as an account delivers on
Th r role. So you'll see things in here. And this was thethisisthecurrentoneforourbusiness plan.
And for Starcom right now
Is operational excellence is number 2, but accelerated growth for the core therapeutic areas, rare diseases, you know that's very much you know.

eChri<tinaAndrushkiw 17:13 Thank you very much

CR.US.Chicago.35WWn<:ker.FL19.19002 17;19

The.
I'm going to call them mJt zo1gensma because it's the Joyce which are the forgotten stepchildren of the account. But those are rare diseases. I know we have others in the in the portfolio as well under Amy Liu.
And and then strengthening our foundation. S.o agam. this ties back to the vision.
You should be famil r with and if you aren·t we'll bring that back in in a more recent town hall in a, you know, in the next town hall about.
Making sure that our fundamentals are strong so that we can again deliver on our dients goals.

Christina Andru hkiw 17:57
Yeah


CR.US.Chicago.35WWn<:ker.FL19.19002 1757
Focused strategy, operational excellence team. First fewer, bigger, better, flawless execution.
I've done under under account culture.
Now those are the things that we we introduced lastyeararoundthistimeactually.
Reducing things like duplicative efforts at every step of activation and siloed thinking are the places that we have communicated to our internal organization that we are going to do. But all of thatladder'suptoachieving
This force multiplier formula So that was a lot.
You'll get these slides.
Obviously you'll have time to look through them, and then I'm JU t making a methyl note for myself that yeah, we will bring back that vision. So you all can see it again.
Because we do not change It every few years. Or e'Jery year, even though it's a three-year.
And this is like a cleanerver.;lon of saying that. but llreallylikethisnote.
Danielle wrote this so move Novartis to a leadership position amongst world class marketers, driving innovation that goes beyond traditional pharma, implementing ground breaking initiative:s.. That said industry standards, all while upholding our unwavering commitment to operational excellence.
I hope that that to me when I read this.. I think about the efforts that everyone is making through automation.
e ristina Andru hkiw 19:17

G CR.US.Chicago.35 ac•er.FL19.19002 19:17
It sounds V€fY tedious. and I know smartsheet.
Has its challenges, but when you think about end to end and and Jackie's presentation earlier this week and and the import and I know not everybody was on it but she emphasized the importance of starting with the right data because that links to everything that's what this.
Ambition statement. This ambition statement cannot be delivered unless we do those flawless fundamentals, Unless we start with groundbreaking initiatives. l mean we won an award.
A group level award in in OPS.
Last year for the work that this team has done
So we are definitely moving towards delivering our ambition and I think that's very exciting and I think it's very exciting for an account.

cz,chrlS"til\aAndnr.h•iw20:01 She loves
She doesn't have
G CR.US.Chic.ago.35WW..c•er.FL19.19002 20.03
That. you kMw. I think we think about our pharma accounts in the in the group as sort of big behemoths that act on their own as sort of stay in their own world. And what we're doing on N2 is going beyond.
Beyond our individual world.


eChristinaA hkiw20:13
Next week. 1f1t's true


GCR.US.Chic.ago.35WW..c•er.FL19.l9002 20,17
In our little silo, if you will.
De-livering focused, inclusive work created through a team first mindset and embracing automation so that that reinforces that. And we'll have some more information on.
Planninginaninclusiveway.
Coming soon,.so preview there, accepting that good isn"t is enough and being known in the agency in the group as a leading account for strategic and operational excellence.
So you'll see that everything ladders from the ambition statement and and this is something that again I'll share when we shar€ our our vision.
So once W€ have client business, we know what their client does. We know what their marketing priorities are. We know how we fit into that.
There is onebigger piece that often we encounter and drives our work..which is financial performance.
So I'm going to liand it back to John for this one. And you're on mute.

JohnSOOil 21:24
Thank you.
G CR.US.Chicago.35WW.ac•er.FL19.19002 21:25
OK.


JohnShecl 21:26
So again, this is another way that we look at our success in making a difference with our clients, right.
So by understanding how they're performing in the marketplace, that's an indicator and a leading indicator on how well the agency is also performing.
Its not always a one to one ratio right?
Like there·s things that we can"t alway.scontrol about the marketplace, but it does, you know, particularly when you look at.
Certain metrics like sales lil<:e market shar€, those are ones where media.
Can play a role contributing to the success of that in the marketplace?
So if we want to go to the next slide.
There·s lots of different ways that we look at this and you know it can be everything from financial reports and these are really actually very useful to, you know, don't have to do it every week.
Maybe a quarterly or twice a year? Sit down.
Looi:: at the Investor Relations report on the Novartis website.
Looi::at the annual reports. If there's an investor cal pay attention to that. because those are signals that we need to pay anention to in terms of what are the priorities being set at the highest levels. At Novartis, there's other things like vindicated data, obviously.
You know, we have some speciali2ed things there. We might look at.
You know, in terms of the people we serve, but from a business perspective, there's lots of different ways that we can sort of measure
The attitude and the health of the brand in the marketplace and then. you know. follow us. you know follow Novartis you know put that put that.
Stock ticker on your phone and just keep it on there so you kMw like what's happening with the stock, what the market is doing. You'll get alerts.
It's kind of useful because.
Believe me, Novartis pays attention to that
G CR.US.Chic.ago.35WW.ac•s.FL19.1!l002 23:26
Yeah. And I would say Just know when the quarterly earnings calls are happ€ning.
There is a there is a literal trickle down effect from quarterly earnings both pre and post when they're released to things tliat happen in our daily jobs
like growth case scenarios and incremental or hurlnPf nullh;,rk,;


JohnShl-a 23:46
I love that point
G CR.US.Chicago.35WW c• .FL19.19002 2]:46
So yeah. just just knowing when they happen is going to betielpfulforyou.

JohnShea 23:47 Yeah.100up.
Alright so ('m not gonna drain this slide.
This is for you guys really to Just kinda look at. but these are different measures.
That we can look at and companies report a wide range and a wide variance of these measures Some companies look at EBITDA. which is sort of earnings before income taxes amortization. What that essentially looks at. If you take everything off the top in terms of other financial press.
And look at the performaoc:e of the company. How well are they doing on their core business? They also look at revenue.
They look at sales.
There's lots of different ways that we can look at this
lthinktheotherthingtolookat is.
Innovation pipeline is really, really important in an industrylikethis.andthisisanindustryparticularly  you know, Novartis talks a lot about Al and they're realty serious and purposeful about that and something that obviously we're starting to incorporate in terms of how we service the busines>.
But they're also vulnerable to Al.
Al 1s unleashing unlocking.
New sort of ways for startups, smaller companies to do what Novartis has done traditionally in a different and new fresh way.
So Al is going to be continued to be a big push for Novartis overall, both in terms of how they go to market but how they also develop their therapies and sort of release new drugs et cetera.
So these are the kinds of ttiings that they're looking at
Right now. ifwe want to go to the neld: slide. I Just pulled some very high level thoughts.
Again, these are these are good things for you to
do.
Occasionally you might get a call from Danielle or sometimes you know Mictiael or Shelby and they'll say I need to understand what's going on in Novartis right now.
Can you give me an overview and these are some of the things that they migtit want from a busine55 perspective.
You know, there's been a lot of volatility in the stock market with the tariff wars.
Etcetera.
But overall, Novartis is tracking with the market and actually doing quite well.
We're off to a good start for 2025
South same quarter sales are up quite a bit versus a year a.go.
Net income as well is up and net income isJust sort of again it'sactualprofitthattheymakeafter allthee:xpendituresaretakenoutandth.at includes marketing that includes capital investments, all those kinds of things.
Payroll all those thing .
So that is a healthy signal.
Umm that the company is in a good place and that actualtyshouldsaylatwayswrite it ESP.
But it actually should say EPS earnings per share and that just basically looksat for each sort of individual sort of share of stock.
How well are we doing in terms of delivering profit and value and that's one that the marketplace looks at with a really, really careful eye.
And again, trending in a really good place for Novartis.
So good news overall in terms of financial health of the company
I don't need to drain this next point because we live this every day, but there are some key brands that are really driving that performance overall for the company and it's a ross all our therapeutic-

And the pipeline is strong, right?
You know, in terms of some of the launches that are happening this year?
And some of the launches that are happening next year
Couple of just things to just call out in terms of three to five year sort of aperture again. Novartis is investing in the US.
It makesalotofsense.
Given sort of where the global environment and the global business environment is going, it's probably a good idea to manage supply chain by investing in companies rather in countries to sort of protect
lmportantmar1i:ets.
I think the other thing that is going on is, you know, every one of our medicines, particularly our big commercial brands, whether it's Entresto.
Cosentyx. there is a time frame of marketplace exclusivity.
And then generic formulations are allowed to


Entresto has been a huge money maker for this company.
There will be a generic formulation coming in this year.
Oh. so that's going to be one of the areas that you know, depending on how quickly thoS€approvals rnmP thmunh n<>nrlinn nn litin:dinn :mrl thinn lilrP

that, that will begin to eat into some of the margins that traditionally we've had on therapies likeEntresto.
So another thing just to keep in mind, what is the life cycle of the brand you're working on?
And then what is the pipeline that's going to come in and help those therapeutic areas?
That Novartis currently has developing, but again overall guidance coming most recently from the investor report is that they're expecting single dfgit growth year over year. From a sales perspective and then double digit growth from operating income and th.it's one again that the str t looks at becau e that shows.
That they're managing their margins. Ina.
In a smart and strategic way. So overall sounds good.
Nov.irtis is in a strong place from a market perspective.

GCR.US.Chicago.35WW cker.Fl19.19002 29:33
And Just one thing to note on that lai;t point about annual performance.
Our clients annual performance is tied to the amount of.
Total money.
The agency makes in a year on this account so based upon.
Key brands performance and we're still working through what those numbers are for 2025 is total compensation for the client or for for the agency.

JohnShea 30:06
Yeah


CR.US.Chicago.35WWac•er.FL19.19002  30:07
• So itis.
Something that isis directly correlated to to our work and and the agencies work. And again by the end of this, you'll understand a little bit about a little bit more about how the agency makes money, which is how we all earn our paychecks.

JohnShea 30:24
Which we enjoy.
G ; uds. hicago.35WWac•er.FL19.l9002 30:25 0
I like paycheck.



So now we·re gonna sort of continue on and sort of flip it into sort of what are the behaviors?
Whataretheways?
What are the means of M2?
Helping support all the things that you know, we've just sort of talked about in terms of the

Of the company.
And where I mean, I will s;iy having worked at agencies and client organizations. it is great th;il.
We are on a power of one account.
And it's great car r wise for you guys as well because you get a much, much broader exposure to all the capabilities of the rnmpany aM you're realty sort of on that leading edge.
Technology. The integration of Al and content all those kinds of things
That ;ire important to be successful and stay successful as we you know
Continue on thisJourney of growth for our company.
And.
This sort of gives you an idea.
Of the range of capabilities that we bring to bear and can bring to bear for Novartis everything from production and sort of creative ideas.
So I will argue
That the creative agencies are not the only people responslbleforcreativ'ityand bringing great ideas to the clients.
I think everybody on this call does that as well.
The importance of data and how we manage and utilize data both from a business perspective and from.
A
Away to more
Lei's say insightful way to connect with the people that we need to connect
You know, influencers content is an extremely important area that continues to grow.
And it'sanareathatNovartisisparticularly interested in.
G CR.US.Chicago.35WW cker.Fl19.19002 32;33 S.

JohnShea 32:40
As a potential to. youknow. to Lauren's point earlier, innovate how they go to market. So they're notjust a pharma brand with.
62nd TV ads, but actually thinking about what is the experience of the patient?
What ts the experience of the HCPA and how do we use peer-to-peer communication and other ways to really connect with them insightfully?
G CR.US.Chicago.35WW cl<cr.FL19.l9002 33'04
And yeah, I was just say on this end ifs growing.
Our group is growing so fast that this slide is actually outdated, right?
Because captivate would be here. If you read in the trades,that'sa. That's a huge one.


Gabe mentioned that yesterday. He also !.aid an acronym that I just want everybody. In case you weren't familiar with it.
Pmci Publicis Media content and inno'Jation. So if you are on Marcel at all and I know some

Shy away from that, but on Marcel you'll see a lot fromPMC.
Because they publi h things like tt1e CES reports that are really primarily focused on like the rutting edge tech that gets released e1Jery year at CES
They're also the leaders for Al within the agency.
And then they latter they are assisting in content which we have embedded content team here.
Kyle Haas leads that group with Melissa and Dylan. If you haven't met them yet.
And so content influencers a big grow literally a growing as of this month or last month, I suppose within the group. Kyle, are you waving?

JohnShea 34:16
Kyle has a question.


G	CR.US.Chi o.35\.';Wacker.FL19.19002 34:18
Were you wavrng? Hello, Kyle.


Kyi<, H as 14:"18
Just Raymond.


CR,US.Chicago.35¥,Wacket.FL19.19002  34:24
• OK.

JohnS!w.3 34:2:5
Should we continue on?


CR.US.Chicago.35\.';W cUJ.FL19.19002 J.t:26
Great. Do I keep gorng?


JohnShea 34:2:8
Yeah.


GCR.US.Chic.1go.35\.';Wacket.FL19.19002  34:29
Yeah


JohnShca 34:31
So.
Again, thinking about your role, thinking about your busines.s, thinking about how you show up everyday.
Here are some ways to just think about how you


I don't even want to say like up your game, because that sound, kind of cynical
It's really, truly how you show up as a human being.
And think about our clients as human beings. And the one thing before we go in and sort of drain the slide, it's also really important to establish these behaviors for yourself.
Treat yourself with grace. Treat yourself with empathy
Give yourself when you can a little time before you're going into an important meeting to just gather your thoughts so that you·re showing up as your best self
Because I do think sometimes we get so focused


The meeting, and not as much on how how do I feel about the meeting?
Going into it.
So just always give yourself a little. Station A new conversation. etc.
But these are some of the ways that you can show up in meetings and show up in your day-to-day interactions.
Empathy and actively listen.
I always say empathy is probably the most.
Underutilized tool In our arsenal because it demonstrates :1-ort of relatability.
It demonstrates your ability ,1s a hum,in being to understand.
What another person might be going through? So ag,iin, when we when we talk about bring empathy and acti'Jelylisten. it is truly paying
attention to the conversation.
And I know we have a lot of work on our plates andit'sveryeasyto try and multitask. but if you can and prioritize situations where you can truly, truly listen and truly be responsive in the moment
And ask those kinds of questions that demonstrate that you"'Je heard what the client is saying to you and feeding it back. And you know you can do the theclassic. like,that'sa really interesting question to gi'Jeyourself a little time to think about it.
But those are kindsofthingsthatreallymakea difference in terms of building that trust in that relationship.
Personalize the interactions. Again, thisis more about
Sharing a bit about yourself and asking questions about them so that there·s connectivity. Do you bothlikedogs1
Are you both, you know, Eagles fans? Whatever that is. do you both love pizza?
Those are the kinds of basic building blocks of trusting communication and mirror.
When you can their communication styles, you may have some clients that like very formal emails
You know. if that's the case, take that time to write a formal e-mail to that client whereas you may have another client that prefers to communicate

That's fine.
Just understand and 11often just ask clients how

Do you prefer a quick te,ct?
Do you like a call?
Ifs OK to ask those kinds of questions because you don't l::now unless you ask. and it demonstrates that you want to work wrth them
Truepart11er:s..
Proactivity ;md follow up again. and we're gonna get into some of these behaviors in terms of e-mail etiquette and all that kind of stuff.
But even if you can't get back to the client immediately, really important just to acl::nowledge something, say hey, see this e-mail. You know, we're going to regroup with the team and bounce back to you.
Showing up consiste11tly right.
So again, one thing I've noticed is on this count. I'm just gonna say this as a new person

CR,US.Chic.ago.35WWacker.Fll9.l9002  38:13
• Yeah.

JohnShea 38:15
Said. And I don't know if it's a Novartis behavior or behavior we have, but we do not hear it on our

And the reason I urge people to tum on cameras is rt makes you pay anention and it shows that you·re paying attention, And so I know it sounds like a silly little thing, but it makes a difference.
And I think it it is a focusing device for all of us because when you are on camera
You are less likely to pick it this..,.., up
And start playing around with it or goi119 to other sites and stufflil::e that
So urge you guys as being good partners to to try and do that more often. more frequently when you can and then collaborate, right?


G	CR.US. hic:'o.J5WWacket.Fll9.l9002 38:53
Keep hstemng.


Like we language.
Ifs never 11thought of this. We always come
Is we always used to 5ay at my first agency there's no, there's no I in team, we always use the words we when we're presenting we try and do those kinds of things.
Those are little sign.ii!. that are really, really important.
Anything to add here.Lauren?

GCR.US.Chirago.35WWacker.FLl9.19002  39:18
One note on this. Yeah. one note on this before 11 go in and I'm we're gonna go.
We're gonna accelerate a little bit because we've got about 15 minutes left. You're fine.


Sorry,l'mattacha.

GCR.US.Chirago.35WWacker.FLl9.l9002  39:25
No, no. And I, we love that about you, John. I seriously.
EYerybody has a client even if you're not clie11t facing.
This is something that. you know, I don't k11ow about you, but my parents do not !::now what I do and I've changed jobs a few times and every time they say, well. is it is it are you.
Do you have clients now or are you back to clients? Or are you the client?
Actually, no matter where you are, you have a client.
So you may only have internal clients if you're sitting in an OPS role, but you still have clients.
So these sl::ills that we're talki119 about are things that you can bring to your job no matter what. What rt saysinyourtitle,sotospeak.
Because no maner who you are. you·ve got a set of clients. right? You know, when I move client side, my clients b-ecame the marketers my clients became.
The (-Suite and that's.
You know, I had the agency and I was their client but everybody's got clients, no matter what job you're in.

JOOnSt.e,, 40:b1
Yeah. And the other thing. these are life skills. right?
These are all your treat your best friends. These are how you treat your family, right?
You like you. You show up and you pay attention. And so you know. Again, it's just more around like, what are the smart ways to do that with your clients?


CR.US.Chicago.35WWacker.FLl9.19002 40;.42
• OK.
Again, last year this was introduced. If you've been in a new hire present If you've gone through new hire onboarding i11the last year, which J know many of you have, this will be familiar to you.
This isourN 2.
Deep dive into this slide.
So think of this as your guide and this is your account specific.
Wa"J5?fworking.
And I'm going to really go through this fast cul this is a lot and I still want to get to the business of our business, our business being agency.

 o toundat1ons and fundamentals, rm actuallyJust going to show you this title slide of of this is the this is allof the topics that are included in the N2 etiquette.
Please go through this if you haven't seen. If you haven't seen it.
Actually. everyone should have seen it
If you haven"t seen in a while. go through it again and then again.
Or ask anyof the new hires because they're more familiar with it.
Actually, because they've Just read through it. lwill.
I will sit.
Oh wow builds.
I'll give one note and out of order
I'll give one nod to John lagross, who just joined

He's the VP. Is he explaining on on with with my team and he noticed. l'mjust trying to get to it quickly here.
Here wego.
The e-mail subjects we can all do a better job of this because we don't actually do it He asked me the other day and I told him I was going lo say this
So rm not like putting tiim on the spot but he asked me the other day.
He's like, so do we do that?
"Cause, I've noticed I haven't seen a lot of that and I said, you know wtiat Jot,n, I would encourage
you to start adopting it and we will be better about it because yes, these are important and this is how you get responses to what you need. So again.
You all have clients. You're trying to get a response orananswerfromaclient.
Putting this in your emails awareness response. Action.
Is the best way to get someone's attention when theirinboxhas 175on Reds.
So that'll this actually helps you as much as it is you know.
A dean and consistent way for the entire account tobehavt>.
11"11make your life easier. I guess is what I'm saying. After repons I will I willgrve.
Props and Lauren, I see your hand raised, so I'll get
through this point
Quickly I will grve props to everyone because I have seen a lot more after action reports since we've introduced this
So cheers.
Oh, Lauren your hand went down Were you waving mistake?


No, I'll just type it We're out of time
I want to build on the e-mail I'd like. To get.

CR.US.Chicago.35'NW'acker.FL19.19002. 43:.40
OK.
Thank you.
Post meeting e-mail Soyes,thisis.
This is very helpful and also for people who missed the meeting
11:::now we've got copilot now, and and we've got our clients summarizing through copilot or ourselves. But these I find very helpful even from like a status.
Please treat publishers kindly
Hours. time off, social etiquette, office attire. 11 do. I don't.
I've never heard anyone say it as well as Danielle. Do not dress.
Dress for success, but not the dub, the beach, the gym or the BBQ
It's very succinct.
I just reallyappredatethat.
OK.
12 minutes. The bu.slness of our busineo,5,

Johr1Soo:! 44:28
Is Beckman? Oh, you just killed, and I'll jump in.

CR.US.Chicago.35'NW'acker.FL19.19002. 44:29
Some of you have heard.


Play.
G CR.US.Chicago.35'NW'acker.FL19,19002 44:32
Are you sure?

Johr1Shea 44:ld
l'ml"mfine.

CR.US.Chicago.35'NW'acker.FL19.19002  44:35
Some of you have heard this. If you watched the December updates from our tour that we we changed a bit of the structure of the group and the power of 1.
We became connected Media, pub health, sapient and rnmms and this was introduced

Violeila:raru, 44:-49
Oh my God. One week Wednesday, yeah.

G;: u; c::: Y : :kt -: :-i:::al: : till we started putting this together.


You did also see it yesterday. If you were able to Join Gabe"s presentation. but he?
He made a point to say he actually took off the titles, so we put the titles in.
So you're just clear on on where, where it all sits, when when the group, when our tour is talking, when he releases those v-ideos talking about the updates, I'm sure we'll gel one very soon.
Because Khan is right around the corner and it's goingtobeaverybig.
Con advertising festival for for Publicis Group.
There are imperatives for growth from the group, so write data connected ecosystem, intelligent

You're gonna if you sort of hearing the themes of intelligence and data responsibilrty and transparency business outcomes. Again, that's a dataleadwehav-e.
We have made the transformation over the last I
would say 7 to 10 years of being.
Extreme very, very focused on being a data lead operational.
Company, but still intelligent rnntent which 11 think is just a really well. Kudos to the person who wrote these. How do we fit into it?



Opt out.


CR.US.Chicago.35WWa<:ket.FL19.19002. 46:08
• We sit in Publicis Media.
We are a power, one of Publicis health media and Starcom.
So where you see that Publicis Media, we are there That"sour bubble.
Influential would be now be with captivate as well. And we. Dave Penski leads connected media.
Chris Booth leads Publicis Media.
Andrea Palmer reports to Chris Booth. as does Shelby Saville.
So and then Danielle reports to both of them.
So if you're, if you're curious to understand that ladder, you could always go to outlook and look at thetheorg structure.
But that's just. That's how we fit in to connected media and we're we·re linked with.
Production. commerce. and and influencer.
All tied together with Epsilon. which again we're working through with the client how we and to leverage Epflana's account.
OK
If you've ever been keen to go.


JohnShea 47:09 Bad:inMay No.no, no.
You you keep on going. All right, I can jump in. It doesn't matter.
G CR.US.ChiCilgo.35WW'a<:lret.Fl19.19002 47:15
Jump in.
Go ahead.



OK.
So these are the the core things that we look at to sort of manage our profitability on our business. And as a group.
So revenue was all about the money. We're bringing in margin, which i the actual differ0=nt things that we have to factor in to actually kiol:::at our profitability.right.

CR.US.Chicago.35WWocker.FL19.19002. 47:30
More.


John Shea 47:3-6
So payroll,allthosekindsofthings.
Timesheets. We're gonna talk:a little bit about that. They seem lil:::e a silly ttiing, but.
Actually really vital and really important
And then accounts receivable, mal:::ing sure that we are quick and that we are managing that in those costs efficiently because that has a big impact on our bottom line and it also has an impact on things like malice and bonus.
When we're negotiating with our clients, so let's go to the
G CR.US.Chicago.35WWocker.FL19.19002 4&05
And shout out to Tony and the OPS team for that amazing financial overview this week because I hope everyone was hearing about the accounts receivable.

John Shea 48:10
Yeah
G CR.US.Chkago.35WWocker.FL19.19002 4&13,
Because again. that"s how that ties directly into how our our company makes money.

JohnShea 48:18
Yeah.
Quickly two ways that we ma\:::e a lot of, you know, we make our money as a, as a company, new busine>s..
So you guys all \::now about that?
That is business that we don't currently have that we·re pitching and that we're going to bring in and then organic growth, which is really where we're focused on in our day-to-day and that is all about whatareditferentwaysanddifferentleversthatwe  canpull.

As a team to bring either additional revenue.
And drive cost savings etcetera to drive profitability
For bothourselvesandforourclients.
And every year the group sends down goals that get put into all the brand agencies and ifs about a 5050 depending on new business versus organic
And and we've actually been fairly strong growing organic growth historically at Starcom.

CR.US.Chicago.35WW cler.FL19.19002 49:13
Yeah, and and and just overall, wlien you hear about results and you tiear the USdriving or us and specifically you'll tiear connected media in our in Publicis groups earnings reports, us is always a a driver of organic growth in, in a meaningful way.

JohnShea 49:28
Yep


CR.US.Chicago.35WWacler.FL19.19002 49:29
• Two more notes.
So organic growth that was Gabe's presentation yesterday.

Vio!Pl LllMus 49:32
But the opportunity.

CR,US.Chicago.35WW cler.FL19.19002 49:33
It hopefullythat'slinkingtliedotsforyou right now, but wlien we talk about organic growth and additional revenue from existing clients, that's a lot of what group media.

JohnShea 4934
Yeah

CR.US.Chicago.35WW cler.FL19.19002 49:42
SolutKlns does. That's obviously pmx lift and.

JohnShea 49:47
Yep
Just !::now that you know in terms of in terms of

Margin lias a big impact on that. right.
And so these are just the things that we have to manage in terms of cost.
To stay profitable and Dr. profitability overalL the biggest single thing and we always talk about tiow important our people are and they are, they are the most important part of our business, but they're also the biggest part of it in terms of payroll, right,thethatis the.
Biggest single
Thing that impacts our margin and it does have a cascade effect.
So if our people, oh, shoot, I just saw the five minute, the five minute warning.

GCR.US.Chic.igo.3SWWacker.FL19.19002 50:29
We're almost there.

JohnShea 50:J.0
Alright. And that is the one that we have the most impact on and tha1's the one where you have the most personalaccountability on.
We're gonna talk a little bit more about some of these other things, but showing up, keeping your time and making sure that you're deli11ering what you need to deliver on time and dri11ing clients out s.atisfaction and retention on our pieces of busines:s is really, really important in how.
We manage that cost because our our peopte makeallthedifferenceinterms of
Client satisfaction.
And011erall health of the partnership. The other places that are really important and again individual accountability here, traVi:!Iand entertainment understand our T&Erules adhere to them and make sure that you get your T&E in quickly after making a business trip etc. Because a.gain
That gets us the most.
Accurate reporting of the health of the business and some oft he other outstanding costs that we're going to tiave to factor in.
And as we look at how our tracking on a monthly basis.
Client entertainment and unveilabJe errors like those things are really, really important operational excellence.
Is something that we talk a lot about but thafs where some of these things come in. things that we're not going to be able to, sorry, go ahead.

GCR,US.Chicago.35WWacler.FL19.19002 51:51
Yeah. Oh. sorry. Go ahead.


No need. Go ahead.
I was going to get into that last one, but I think that one's pretty suffixed part.

Violet l..lzar115 51:55
I'm getting a call from Georgia on teams right now.
e CR,US.Chic.ago.3SWWac•er.FL19.19002 2:00
Violet. could you mute yourself? Thank you.
Floss fundamentals, right? What is in our control

You won't ge1fired for doing it, r ht? You we will absolutely as an account
Sorry.wanna level this up to an account level.


Errors area big deal.
And when we talk about why those are important, it's not
It is because we 11eed to be accurate it.
Is because our 11umbers need to be, right? Why do our numbers need to be right?
Becausethosearethethingsthatclie11tslookat first when they°re looking at.
Should I look at a new agency?
And so that isa big reaso11that you see a heightened level of co11cern. And if anyone was, if you were part of the work that was done in Q1 of last year, that is the reason we had a lot of additional executive support.
In correcting those errors is because_that that's,

big errors.
So everyday ladder is up to the bigger hole.


JohnShM 53:14
Just keepongoirig. Lauren. Bring us home.

GCR.US.Chicago.35'1Wv'a-ck.,...Fl19.19()(12 53,16
OK.
Timesheets. I'm just gonna call out.
Pay attention to this one because it may or may not end up in your quiz.
So when we ask for hours when Christiria asks for hours when the team asks for, for you to catch up on hours.
And 11 recognize that roar is down right now
That is the irony of this presentation. Every day they say it's going to be ready and it keeps getting pushed back.
I think we got another e-mail this morning
Please update once it is alive again. Hopefully any day now because that is that is truly what we use to record, act to, to record accurate time keeping which ladders irito hours reports which ladders into how many employees on a on a contract on a client contract there.
Are line Items for ft es full time employees and hours against that literal hours.
We have to we Christina has to submit reports.
For the total hours worked against the FD ES that the client is paying for to show.
In a lot of instances, we need more head count.
We rieed more people. When you say we need more people on this business, the number one way we prove that is by pulling hours and saying look. at the overindex of hours compared to what's in your contract.
Accounts receivable you heard a lot about Tony from this, but this is huge too.
So which we talked about operational errors.
Al . paying bills on time I have be.cn on a client account where we were unable to pay the bill. pay the PAW partriers on time and the partners threateried and Tony mentioned this too to go straight to the client to go straight to the CEO and guess what?
Comes up when they're reviewing if they should have a new agency.
Is the agency able to pay the bills on time? So that is 859.
We do not have time for question 5.
I guess we should have done an hour and a half.
We didn't think it was goirig to take an hour, but there's a lot of content here.
Good content.
I hope that this, you know, was a chance for you to again take a pause,
125 people. Thank you e>Jeryone for joining Take a pause in your day.
Feel some context to to the work that you·re doing and the importance of the work that you·re doing
Time codes.. Thank you. Christine.
Tina, if you have questions, if you warit follow-ups. if we need to do a session too, please let us know. Put the feedback in the chat or send one to John arid I individually.
I do11't know if you can tell. We love talking about this stuff.
So just you know, thank you for starting your day with us and and we will wrap up tomorrow.
Ohno. sorry.
Next week we've got two more. So cheers.
Thank you everyorie.


JohoShN 56:02
Thankse>Jeryone.


KB KarlaNavarroBer"he 56.03
And.


JohllShM 56:05
Hi.

@  Ar hdeepK.iur5toppedtransoiption



• 2025 N2 Bootcamp_ Pre & Post launch QA, ML.. rf v	fJ Search	
1'.Jtl	Record v  =f Upload * Favorite + Playlist	tf}Teamsv


T,a1n-B=ii>tI




l:









2025 N2 Bootcamp: Pre & Post Launch QA, MIST

June 6, 2025 Expires in 117 days • 2 vie\.1/S • SharePoint App • HD	· ) Documents ) Re<ordings


k, welL what is Miss Media?
What are the types of approval. the nuances between standard media versus non standard media?
What are the components of this process and the ove1View of allthose components?
Ttien I'll walk tlirough the day, see the RNRon
:et' ::1,FP:if111-M :; :::;a,
detailed step by step on how to fill ou1 the
questions. nuances in that. arid then there's there are going to be remiriders, FAQs arid resources that you can use as you n.ivigate through this process.

So what is missed media?
It's a subset of mist, wliich stands for marlcefo1g implementation support team. The best team evaluates potential new media partnerships and new uses of existing media partnerships, especially since privacy and govern.ince at Novartis is our important steps to their busines.s.
There is more and more scrutiny when it comes to approvals of partners and t.ictics, .ind now that there are more and more digitaldata regulations as well
If we do not follow.
This correctly there are financial and legal implications for tlie clients. 5o whenever you are looking at new partner attacks. this should be initial factoror milestorie that you are consideririg.
So what is standard media?


 ;i : :t:•••- : :at :call of the following when the tactic is contracted, the run 2 the Novartis advertisement is part of the tactic that is created by Novartis or its contracted AOR and approved by Novartis map
Process the Novartis as.set is either a banner video, audio. ad, or e-mail. The acid drives to content owned by Novartis and is approved through Fuse.
The targeting or the audience that's being implemented falls under either demographics, such.is gender.age, interests.your contextual targeting, 1:::eyword, URL. topic targeting.
So like for example oncology articles on WebMO wliere Novartis does not collaborate with the third party on development or creation of the content and that the Nevartls media buy does not fund development of the third party content.
Any non precise Geo location data?
Targeting such as ZIP code or DMA. any lookalike audience based on attributes that are not heatth related and wliere tlie target list is removed. Any third party audience segment from an approved data provider. So like eras.six or swoop. Hep
specialty groups. NPI numbers and then metrics

forH.	?

:;g :::ec1

data th.it is supported by the DNA team.
And then on the flip side. what is non standard media?
Tliose would fall under geofencing within proximity
That's more than a ZIP code, so like if you're targeting a specific hospital TDC event conference or other precise geolocations. if you're targeting individuals that are using either their name ore­ mail.
So like first party lead Gen. sign UPS or or third party list anything that are they're using online browsing history, messaging within EHR EMR systems.
Any tactics tliat are involving collecfo1g or processing of sensitive data?

-Chri,,tin,nAndrushkiw4:07
,  For your neighbors a month

Jan&Tong 4:11
So that would include lil:::e your patient medical information, GPS, data r.ice or ethnicity. And then

 :u h: 	sre::; w:
fund the content creation or we're Novartis


collaborates on the content creation that is also Non standard media and if the tactic being review. lsisaroundthethecontent.
Wliere the media buy funds, the creation of the
content that appears or drives to that or where again the Va collaborales on that a:s. vrell. That is also non standard media.
So what are the components of Miss Media?
There is a Miss Media guidance document that Novartis provided.
There's a Daisy that I'll go through that outlines the roles on both NZ and Novartis.
There's a MISmedia historical approvals list The MIS emi:s.sion form that we need to fill out.
There's the smartsheet individual attestation form and there is the N2 Miss Media submissions tracker.

LomrnFi\zgrr.old 5:16
Janet there's a question from Melissa in the chat


J11ne1Tong 5:16
¥:\JiiI/•E
So yeah.   	

LomrnFitzgrr.old 5:18
It just might be good to answer in in in time versus waiting

J11netTong 5:21
Yeali.
Sure. 11cannot see the chat so let me.

LourrnFitzgrr.old 5:26
Oh, sorry, Melissa. Do you want to ask your do you want to ask your question? I'm sorry.



Yeah,sorry.
So it was going back:to standard. The question was around standard, but I didn't see it in the non standard.
Is this to say lil::e a media partner co1Jldn't create a brand asset to be u:s.ed that does go through math?
Like does it have to be something that Novartis or AORiscreating?

J,m tTong 5:56
So that could be part of the program. Is just that it may not be. It may 11ot be approved via individual attestatio11, which is lil:e the easiest approval. right?



That wt>'re working on.


J,m tTong 6:09
If that's the case, depending on the the entire description of the tactic. it it's likely that it'll have to be reviewed via a live meeting



Oh, got it. Thank.you.


J,m tTong 6:21
Yep.


Wl1ichJanet?	¦

JanoetTong 6:26
Yes.
Yes. So like if there's anything that you're trying to implement th t is not on this list, that that's on standard media, the11it's safe to say that it would fall under non standard media.
And it would be approved via live meeting. which
I'll go over in a couple slides as well.
So this is the MIS media guidance document that isueated by Novartis.
This document:s. the full responsibilities of Novartis roles in this process.
How each type of approval is determined?
Whal are the tasks t11at need to be completed on t11e submission form and any terminologies?
I have a slide linked at the end oft11is deck that on our box will link to each of the each
Of you can speak this morning, will link to each document so if you need a11y reference you can look to this document.
k.welLvre also have a historical approvals list This
1
legacy OS., \. yback
We had also done a baclclog review in Q4 of 2022 and Q1 of 2023. That is also in here.
A reconciliation process we did in Q4 of 2023 and anything since the launch of this process in March of 2023 till now is also in thi:sh. istorical approvals lisl
This list is updated on a monthly basis by t11e N 2:00 PM team and it':s. all dependent on the information that the Novartis exp and O and the Miss team i11puts in their Miss log.
We Just directly copy and paste that onto here
So when you're looking at this one thing to note is all targeting 1Jnless explicitly understand in media or explicitly stated in this historical approvals list would need approval.
A11d I just pulled a screenshot here of what that would look like,


This again. we are not in charge of updating this or filling this out
This is on the Novartis teams to complete this. but this is just what it would look like and it's a it's a direct application of what we hare stored inbo)C.
We then have the N2 mismeet us, the missions
::i :e: a;•
submitted via mist. and this contains ;ill the partner tactic information, the status and information that is completed by the
N2CX team and then it's noted that the columns A
to M would need to be comp ted for each entry.
S.o we use this internally to see what requests ha,re been submitted.
Then the actual MIS submission form this submission form is used for the media partner tactic review to be submitted to Novartis. The latest version is the February 2025 version and you can differentiate that or see what version you're using on the top right comer you'll see
The February 2025 date.
One thing to note, whenever you are submitting this form, please make sure you are formatting it correctly and naming it with the partner. The tactic Miss Media and then the date.
Couple things.
All Miss Media tactics require a completed miss submission form. Once a new panner has been approved of any subsequent tactic:5under this partrier could be categorized or approved by

;na;, ual	 ,j	

tacget;cg.

Mis media!!!......}•.?& ·:!!!   specrfic. so even if you are, even though you're submitting a request for your specific brand, once that has been approved, it could be used across the eritire portfolio.
Print media does not requirements media approval.
All print media as.sets must be approved by map. It's it would not fall under this proce-ssarid then the last thing is privacy.
Due diligence must be conducted for each tactic that uses data for targeting. There will be a privacy due diligence matrix that will show in a little bit as well that you can use as a guidance on what you need to complete on this MIS.submission form as well.



I had a question on that.


J,metTong 10:38 Hmm


:;,e  =• 1w+e en approved and it kind of speaks for the portfolio, are we good
to make that assumption or do we have to like run that by somebody to say hey, this has been previously approved, can you confirm we're good to just SK?
Mist for this p3rticular program like i:1t.here a process for that we have to follow?

JandTong 10:59
No.So.
If the if this doe-s get approved, the specific partrier tactic gets approved
The Novartis Cxp and O team and the Novartis MIS team uploads their Miss log and documents this.
This wouki then show up on our internal historical approvals list which you can reference to mal::e sure that that specific partner tactic can be used
And then as another safe check as well. right?
lfwe update our internal N 2 Mis.sMll'lracker as well.
It would also show up that it has been submitted and approved as well.
But it doesn"t matter if you're submitting it for one

:':: ;, ::111,1.1 
wouldn't need to check.



OK
Thank you.



foho. Yo"



J,metTong 11:42
Yep


1
 :IL: ke ::etimes partners call the same tactic, something different to each team to like, whatever personalize it to the brand that they're, you know, trying to sell it in at.
So in that instance, I feel like the best route and I don"t know if anyone else has any thoughts about it, is like also the partners are involved in the MIS media process, e:1.pecially if it's, you know, they're they're 3ware of what it is.
And usually you·re not contracting until you say that this has been missed media approved.
So if there is a tactic that like you are recogniLing on any of the historical documents, it's worth just

: ! h &l::'1I1m-


e it

has been on this brand and you can always track down that.
Form through their lil::e internally or through the o:po lead, and that avoids you having to go through the who process again

Ja Tong 12:37
The other thing is whenever you are submitting a missed request in the name that you are putting


name. The partner would refer to
So that in in what Lauren just mentioned, right. it
there would be instanC€s where we can avoid.
Having to dig through multiple emails or having to reach out if we submit, l:::nowing the general tactic name that that could apply across multiple brands and and once that gets approved and documented. it would be an easy reference.
But if it's like a custom program, something that's
specific to one brand
That may be harder for us to to dig through later
on if we want to use it for something else.
Sojustl'mgonnakeepinmind.
SMna 1cssMr'e?d?1!!!/.1?T.i1•!u?""'dfall"nde,
Those would be any sponsorships. Any advice and data for targeting, including display. pause. vidoo. audio, e-mail E, newsletters, HR. ATV. podcasts. and survey.
Does not the full list.
These are just a couple of examples of what would fall under Miss Media.
And then Just lo provide some context as to how this process has evolved from last year.
Till now.
Last year we hadthreetypesofappro11als.self approval. offiine appro11al in Miss Media meeting. Now this year, the self approval is is now c.alled individual attestation. The otfline appro11al is no longer.
It has been eliminated in the 2025 process and then missed. Media meeting has now been upgraded into being.
Conducted twice a month on Mondays at 1:00 PM Eastern. So essentially we are only looking at two types of approvals. individual attestation and Miss Medium meeting.
So this is the na11igation guide as to as you are lookingat::rtactic.
How doI	is needed?
But not just looking at the historical approval list. but if it i let's say a new p;irtner or a new tactic, wh;it type of approval is needed?
One if it's a pixel tag. you will need to consult the Novartis Mist team on any next steps. If the tactic bemg reviewed centres around the N2 purchase of banner ads where the media buy funds of content creation, or there is Novartis collaboration.
Onthecontentcreationthatfallsundernon   standard media and it will ha11e to be approved via a MISmedia meeting regardless of whether it's a new partner or an existing partner.
If you know your t;idic falls under standard Media, Anne two is activation agency and it's an existing vendor.
It could be appro11ed via individual attestation if it's a new 11endor, it will ha11e to be approved via a missed media meeting.
So now what J'IIgo through is the privacy due diligence tool that Novartis has put together.
This is what I had mentioned a couple slides before. Of the matrix that you c.an use.
They put this together in order to help you provide guidance into what sections of the MIS s.ubmlssion

                              	on what your tactic in11olves the targeting, there are directions as to the checklist.
Need to complete to make sure you have performed the privacy due diligence for your tactic and partner as well as any additional steps.
Let's say like if your partner tactic qualifies to be approved under an individual attestation process, there is a complete there's a checklist on what you need to complete as well as.
Directions on completing the smartsheet individual attestation form and then as you Scroll down the list. right? If Jet's say your tactic ln11olves targeting using Novartis first party data.
Combined with any other third party.
It'll direct you to ,ay, like you know, this is a tactic that would need to be approved via a live meeting.
So I won"t go through all of the rest of these slides. but these are just direct clicks from this matrix as to all the checklist that needs to be completed
And what you need to confirm. And there's a glossaJYas well
So now what J'IIgo into is the Daisy, the RNR for
folks that are new and just to reground us on
;I ::1:h	?M: ;:: :::
wtiere it says we·re here. It means that like your.
Your media plan tias been approved of now and that"s where then you take into consideration of like what are all the missed?
What are all the requests we need to put through to make sure our partner tactics are apprc)lled by this process?
So with this new update to Mess Media, we have a N2 compliance lead Gen. who helps to make sure that the /\126 teams are completing the individual attestation process correctly.
She also tielps under the direction from Novartis. confirms any vendor requirements helps with ttie creation of the due diligence framework and interpretation ofpri11acylaws.
Evan and my team, we help to QA any misinmissionforms.
Before it gets sent to the Novartis team, we're also here to pro11ide any ongoing support and trains and make sure you all have all the tools you need to complete ttiis process.
The end to activation team is in charge of executing the indi11idual attestation process and
fillingout-	
They will 	 1s needed with any questions.


The N2CX team then brings the completed Miss submission form to the Novartis CX team and the Novartis CX leads submit that form internally and en routes it for approval.
Internally at
So this isa typical workflow of of how the approval would happen.
Obviously this is not all inclusive, but just as an elGlmple, the CXP and O on the Novartis end witl align with the N2CX team on what they want to test for a new targeting tactic with an e:.:isting vendor.
From there, the Nga team will guide the anti activation team to execute due diligence
From the anti activation team will fulfill the seven step due diligence.
They'll log the responses in the N2 smart. Pool from there.
They'll also complete the Miss submission form and once that"s all completed. they will bring it over to the N 2:00 PM team for QA. Then the PM team will review that.

	gaets
completed form to the N team. Tlien the N2CX team sent a completed form to the Novartis Cxpno or to the media Coe, depending on.
The partner tactic you're s1Jbmitting. if it'sjust brand specific
Or if it's portfolio wide. if it's brand specific..then Novartis exp now will then ro1Jte that form internally.
lnsidetliat let's say it's a self attestation.
And if it's aOOve brand portfolio wide, the media Coe team will send that form to internally for their MISmedia approval and they'll own that topic for theirMISformaswell
What I have outlined here isjust more details of each deliverable in the process. and thisapplies to all approval types. So like I mentioned before, in orderforthisprocesstostart.
There needs to be confirmation that the partner tactic is on the latest approved media plan. If it's not there will neo2d to be media Coe alignment and approval before we can proceed with that.
Once that'sconfirmed, the N2 activation and CX team needs to confirm and consult with the N2DDD team to make sure that if the partner tactic

n: :st;··••·· been.
Consufted and provided any guidance before they proceed with the submission.
From there, the Ntcx team will align with the Novartis CX lead on the appropriate approval for their partner tactics
Then the lnteractivation team \Nill complete the form they'll share with the N 2:00 PM team for QA will provide feedback. and then from there the N2CX team will also update our internal mess media submission tracker to make sure we have tracked all the requests we've sub.
For this process.
For the individual attestation in particular.
There will be an additional step where the Antio activation team will have to complete the individual attestation.
In smart:s.heet form, in addition to the MES submission form, and once that's completed, the activation team will confirm that.
An e-mail to both the N2 cxfpm team.
Once all that's completed and it lias been shared with Novartis CX team, they will then route that for
:
internal missed inbox and the Unavitis digital
governance team will make sure it gets. Documented internally as well.
On the missing media meeting and the additional nuances will be having to present this via a live meeting, and if there are any updates needed or any feedback that has been provided in that meeting. that will be the extra step.
To this approval type.
Now I'll go into the how to fill out the form itself overall Again. regardless of whether it's being approved by a self attestation form or a MISmedia meeting
The submission form this MIS submission form needs to be completed.
And when we're completing this form, we need to make sure that we are clarifying anything on data targeting, anything that's custom, anything that's content related. any sponsorships. right.
We need to make sure that we're specifying if Novartis has any influence on content
Are there any custom content or aspects of the tactics that that we need?

: r::1  1-.,:u : i::: lt the requir 3/4%£re¥	itsentirety.
There shouldn't be any ifs or any anything that is up for interpretation
We need to make sure we're including all the relevant information and if there are questions you're not able to answer, you can ask the vendor, but the form cannot be shared directly with them
You will have to copy and paste the questionsinto an e-mail.
And ask them to provide guidance and and and information.
Via the e-mail and then what I have down here are two examples.
In Red is an example of what would be
A partner tactic description that is insufficient.
So for example standard display banner assets uses first party data to deliver a banner message and keeps the partner top of mind during a

patienfsjoumey. Research with a radius of HCP office upon entering POC
Whyisthisinsufficient1?
It opens a lot of room for for interpretation.
We don't know wtiose data this is, whether it's the

 :::use idt.
• 
····  :: ::i ;o

On the bottom as well, right? lt"sjust too broad and
Applies geofencing and Geo targeting plus contextual display banners.
ltjust doesn't give us direct explicit information on wtiat we're trying to get approved on the green right here is how we would update it to make sure ttiat whoever's reading this on the Novartis data privacy team, they have directly allthe information they need and they.
Can see clearly what we·re trying to implement so
I would say something like standard display banner assets using partriersfirst party data.
To deliver a banner message and keeps the partner top of mirid during a patierifs journey.
Novartis has no influence on content. Patierits have the opportunity to opt out and then we have listed at the end all the targeting being implemented as well.
So this updated description right here clearlytells us what assets are involved. which and whose partners first party data we're using
How ;t?', bFe,111l1,•1l1E.lil:1mJ•IM1111i1n" "g"'?' ,ny The bottom as well as a different description
e1Qmp1e as well where it shows us a 60 to 90 KOL
video clip sent
It tells us very clearly the entire journey of how tt1e HCP would receive the text.
It lets us know that whether or not the htps are being contract by the partner to be a KOL for the video, whether there's any Novartis influence on content. It also lets us know that that's being targeting targeting the partner subscriber base and allthewayatthe.
Bottom as well, it clearly laY5 out that there's an opt in and opt out process
So we know clearly that we have permission to use thedata
So now we'll go into each section
Section #1 is required regardless of the type of approval you are looking to get. Your partner tactic approved on partner sponsor name has to be the Novartis CXP and O that is submitting the submission form. The executive sponsor name will be the Novartis CX lead the project.
Sponsor group organization will be exp and0 Slash Novartis

 i:t::n •--•5acommon

In here .arid two names or N2 itself does not go into the into the section whatsoever. It is all Novartis names.
Then you'll input your submission date, the target implementatiori date
So that's when you're expecting your partner tactic to launch. If you don't have an exact date. yo1Jcan do quarter approximations a5 well. That is fine.
What is the objective of coming to miss? You'll check off request for review.
We'll preview materials be provided if it's being approved via an individual attestation process
There will beno.
But if it's a MIS media meeting then it will be yes. And then which areas the request under? You'll select the appropriate approval needed
What category, Best submission?
You'll select the appropriate category as well for your partner tactic. If Miss Media, what category best fits submi ion, yo1J would select the best fit.
It should not be Na.
Nine times out of 10, right.
F:lf•lii•E
 :u ep;;·  	it'sgoing to
IMS media.
So we need to make sure that we select the best appropriate category for.
The partner tactic project initiative name is the official partner tactic name. So what?
Lauren and I wereJust talking about earlier, if possible, and you know the general tactic name that is being used by the partner that would be applied across the portfolio. I would use that name when you are filling out the project initiative name
And then project initiative overview. you"IIinput a condse description that gives Insight into the tactic the assets, the targeting data collection on audience and Novartis influence on content involved.
They'll then fill out the intended audience, whether it's branded or unbranded, the disea:1-e state, and then all the way at the bottom.
There's a chanoe input if there are any related projects or past forms you want to reference as
 \Ii.,,,.,
meeting, Y._•;;,. '...'-	r1s.
You'll input the estimated level of spend for the partnerfortheyearendchannel.
Is Novartis paying for the creation of content? If yes. you"ll provide an explanation for that.
You'll de-scribe the vendor"s role and define what type of oversight will be performed.
Has eprm been conducted and procurement been engaged?
I know this is a a question that has been is a

As well across many forms this should be yfi for both and to overseas the tprm and and procurement NDA process as an onboarding process for the partners
So it will always be us will m1varada's contract directly with the vendor.
That should be no. Will thisengagement be contracted with an N?
Twoio.
That should be yes.
Which privacy policy will govern?
This is also ,mother common mistake 99% of the
time it will always be ttie vendors privacy policy,

:,":::::,••· ffl•


o, the ,endoe

thevendor box and then you input the link to their
privacy policy.
It should not be apdf.
It should be a direct link to their privacy policy. Well, information about customers, HCP or non HCP be collected or proces.sed in any way.
You'll confirm whether this is yes or no.
If it's for HCP and you say no, you will still need to provide an explanation even if the targeting data being collected is just physician level data.
So for example. you could put in the box below it thatjust says position leveldata will be collected the data 50urcei; from you know the partner for the purpose of evaluating performance. This will be stored in the partner servers.
It could just be as simple as that If it's ADC tactic and you say no, then you do not need to provide an explanation.
You just can confirm in the section One's descriptionoverviewthatitsaysstandard aggregate information is provided.
Is there any impact Nevada state of warehouses, glass box or or Droid what this question is asking

a : : sv	••·- :::ndata
being provided by the partner and nearly all partners.
Idea to m1varatas in the standard format so 99 times out of 100 like this willJust be no hassle. lnrtiative been registered in one registry.
This applies specifically to social media programs that involve some form of interactivity or community.
So if your partner tactic does not invol'le thaL this will be no and then providing any other information that may be relevant This i optional.
Moving on to Section 3, you'll see on the top it says. Does this project utilize any kind of media depending on what you answer there, yes or no right below it. It'll tellyou which sections following that you need completed.
In most cases it'll be yes, and in which case you'll need to complete sections 345 and seven.
So if that's the case, you will then for technology Chuck off, where this tactic will be deployed, specify the tactic and assel:5. the data integrations if there are any

lfnO,)"OUJUStputNA
¦ 
;;

 :;:: s •-JJI11· 7-: .s
a submission for a pixel, you'll just need to clarify
how the Pixel will be implemented on the site data user agreements.
These are only required for HCP, where the partner is sending Novartis NPI leveldata.
There is a NovartisUAtracker.
Where you can refer to see if there is adua in place
But generally duas are only required for HCP tactics and notDTC
If you do say yes to Dua being needed because it's an HCP, you'll just answer the the subsequent questions of whether or not you're receiving data from a new vendor and then is adua needed to capture the broadest data rights., Agair\. if it's HCP, data is aggregated or.
If this is DTCdata, then no dua is required. ls there a DUA in place?
You can reference the tracker and if no. you will Just ched.'. off now and the Novartis CXad would have to contact procurement to initiate the proceso,,
Section 4.
This is a section again that ne€ds to be needs to

 ea:::i	i:foa:::t::al
program.
This is talking about communrties or CRM programs. In both caseo,, the experience planner would know that there are checkpoints to be addressed prior to launching this, including any adverse event monitoring and possibly social media monitoring for most cases.
Most tactics that are being put through approval, this will just be now.
And depending on what you say for this first question, all the subsequent questions following thatisrelatedtothat
So if you said yes for the first one and it's immlving wliat I just talked about patient oriented programs, then your answers will depend on that.
But in most cases, if you say oo lo the first one, all the subsequent questions will be no as ffi.'11.
Switching things specific, I want to call out and then you'll have the external service provider engagement section as well
And that is al50 directly related to the above questions on if there·s a need for social listening
Any monitoring services or adverse events that are taking placa	
Section 5,  	
This needs to be filled out if this i5 being approved


v1a Ms. Media, InwhIch case this ISJust contIrmIng that you have completed all relevant privacy due diligence activities for the targeting method for this tactic.
So thechecl:::1istthatlwentthrough before with the due diligence matrix and all that, please mal:::e sure for every partner and tactic you're submitting for, you are conducting that due diligence based off of the specific checklist
And once you've done that. Please confirm.
To my team, the PM team that you have completed
the privacy due diligence for the partner tactic you are submitting for.
Section&
This isonly going to be required if you are submitting this via the missed process. So in which case the question the question that you had to answer if Igo baclc..
On the top right here. Does this project utili2e any kind of media? You would only fill it out if you said

I wo.n't go lhro.this because in most cases we
w,11not	w,11be
outlmedh  ,	I !\,  alkwrth
everyone if you need to review any guidance on how to fill out these questions
And Section 7 is the last one which i!.Just confirming that you have that all information you've inputted is accurate and you consulted the right folks.
Thesewillthisagainisrequired regardless of the type of approval or type of request
You're putting this through.
Thisjust needs to be checked off.
Couple thin.gsI wanted to call out just for pixels. If you are putting in a new pixel on novartisides or there's a new tag that's being placed, you will ne.c>d to consult with the Novartis team before you decide on any next steps.
In those cases, a missed media meeting will be required for approval and outlined here are all the questions that needs to be answered in most

The four might not have all the space of room to encapsulate all of us.
So if you are submitting for a pi)(el and many times you will need to submit a supp ment document a

i f; mations
Novartis team.
And this is the smartsheet individual attestation form that I had been talking about and mentioning poor.
This again is only going to be required if your partner tactic is being approved via the individual attestation process. If it's being approved by a media meeting, you do not need to complete this form.
You only need to complete the MISsubmission form, but if your partner tactic is being approved via individual attestation.
This is there are two form:1t-his form.
And the mess submission form that I just went over, those are two forms that need to be completed
So this isa there's a link here that you can reference if you need to complete this, and once that form has been completed you will confirm completion to both the N 2:00 PM and CX team.
Any questions?
Whatwe"re at the end, I Just wanted to put a couple of reminders because timing is very
s""'"'"''WWC!!l
	
out in terms of how can you move this along or gain approval faster. Obviously once this gets submitted to the Nevada CX lead, it':s out of our hands on how quickly this could be approved, but there are.
Ways during the initial process that can help speed
"P·
What we can do internally, someone mal:::ing sure that lil:::e all the information upfront has.
Has been shared, mal::ing sure that all the information on the submission form before you stiare it with the PM team is accurate and all the correct sections are filled out. When you share the submission form to the PM team, you make sure that you"re providing the type of.
Approval that is needed. So if it's a station or missed me a me€ting so that we know what we need to be queuing for and making sure that all the correct sections are filled out.
If it's approved by yourself. you can complete this this March form that I Just showed in parallel to confirm to my team that it has been completed. And then overall just ensuring that you have enough time for approval because other than self

; :::rt:  ••••tisCXlead submits that and it gels approved immediately if it's being approved via Ms. Media meeting.
It can sometimes takes towards a month or more depending on all the feedback. That is that is going to be.
Provided and then thankfully now the MISmedia meeting is happening twice a month, but.
They're depending on on what's in the pipeline. It may be delayed Just based off of volume
I have here as well a built out a bunch of FAQS.in
terms of turn around times who needs to fill out what section. If you have any questions who to reachouttoifyou.
You know, need someone to QA your forms
Who on the PM team to reach out to if your CX lead has any questions. who do you reach out to? A lot of other questions that you may have in terms of like your partner tactic, what type of

approval isne,eded? Who's in charge of what7
We have all this built out on the back end that you can referencetoifthereare any questions you have that are not answered here, so feel free to

 :::t:  ;	7'.andwe'll
Of this you can you can reference this on your own time and then at the end we have this resources slide.
That has the overall mis.sed media fo er. Unbol( that you can reference this deck right here.
The Circle approvals list.
Guidance document that I talked ab<Jut the submission form, the privacy due diligence tool There is also the DAXthat Novartis themselves created and shared and walked us through in March
The recording is linked here as well.
There is also the latest entry. Novartis DOA Tracker on Smart:s.heet that you can reference as well as theintemalMISMediasubmissionstracker.
That is updated internally as well. Any questions?

Kio,nl=Brilton	40:41
Thank you, Janet. That's a lot.

JanetTong 40,44
I'm sure it was a lot but as you guys are reviewing
t :	F:ii'•fii-E  eetoreach
But if there aren't anyother questions, 1'11pass it over to you, Kiersten


Yeah
 All right. so as mentioned. we're gonna cut this ctionjust to kind of give us all a little bit of a
break.
We're gonna cut this section into two, so I'm gonna take you through the di:;play and video QA process kind of part one.
So if you are not on like, if if you're on search social you do not need to be on this. This is focused on.
Channels in which we are trafficking. If you want to stay on, if you're on those channels and you want to stay on for the beginning, I am going to talk a tittle bit about like why?
We will cover that in the pharma 101301 aswelL whid1we're scheduling for at some point this summer. So if you want to stay on fe-el free, but then the bulk of this we'll dive into.
SpecifK to like when we are trafficking via like a


1
::ca : •

PMN : : 0

ongoing QA which you know I think is probably an area we need to really focus in on just because we. Talk a lot about set up and all of that.
And then we a lot of times wlien we discover errors. unfortunat1elytheyare
They are found within that kind of ongoing maintenance, right where something may be happened. And it was. It was a glitch. Several months. maybe after a launch
So it's it's usually either found like, right when we're taun(hing or you know, mid (ampaign.
So we wanna make sure we take some time to cover that A lot of this materials that I've covered before we try and do these quarterly just because it is s.uch a critical piece of our business.
So if you're new, obviously.
And this is the first time that you're seeing this.
Lots of really good information in here. so Just starting you know what I think is is most important is why is this so important right?
And why do we really enforce QA to the degree that we do?
The industry we work in is obviously extremely
;:;e = 4¥:i!/•fli   isa :eof only two countries where we can even advertise to pliarma, pharmaceutical products to patients.
Clearly there's a lot going on right now with the new administration.
But that you know, kind of just goes to show how regulated it really is
And I think we all know anyone who's been a part of an error protocol for media process, like all of our good, innovative smart work g0€s out the window. If there's, if there's mistakes, right. And the clients really you know 1fthey focus on those mistakes and and.
You all work way too hard and do incredibly smart and good work for it to be overshadowed by errors and mistakes.
We know they happ€n. We're human.
This process is in place to quicklycatch those mistakes and and have a uniform approach. When we do find them.
It obviouslyyou know also minimizes any type of legal and financial risk because we know we are all liumans and make mistakes and it ensures a(countabi1i as well as a clieck and balance to
makesurellllllatonof volume in
Amount of media that we are are launching regularly overseeing regularly.
And just make sure that we are are constantly having a checks and balance in place to ensure that that we are rooted in compliance for for everything that is live.
So like you know, what does this mean for all of you?
This is not new news. but I have to say it it is a


requirement.
It is not an ask. it is part of all of our responsibility.
When we. you know, if we discover that there is a failure to follow the the process set out in place to to, to maintain this, you know, quality control, it will be flagged to your manager. A!, I mentioned before and I'll probably say it again we work way.
Too hard?
For anyone who's had to work through one of these remediation errors..
It involves usually late nights. weekends. They're a total pain.
And when you're working with a client to come up

:;,::"'"1



mistake, its

We don't want anyone to have to do th<1t.
And again..it Just overshadows all the really great work that all of )"OU do on a daily basis.
All right. So what?
I wanted to start with because I think it's important to Just ground us in in the Y again and and a bit of like what this industry regulatfOn across the industry, Again, like I mentioned, there is a Pharma 101 to301 training some of.
You if you're not new within the last like year, you've you've had this training. Danielle led the last one. We are looking for an agency lead on the PHM to actually lead the next installment of that. So, so more to come, but I'll just source some of the.
Highlights.
Right like the FDA which is, you know the the governing body for all the messaging that we put out to market and that all of our clients ultimately are adhering lo their standards. You know the ads that are in market and again we are not creating the ad.
Obviously outside of search, but we are we are the last hands to touch them, r ht?

: : : : 	youknow,
1

They have to have that fair balance when we think about ISi for anything branded
The facts that have to be material to the products.
And you always have to have your brief summary right.
So all of the corresponding information, then.
The PPI the Med page, the Med Guide, all of that that that needs to be included any time we're making a claim or speaking about an indication.
So there's ways in which you can get in trouble with the FDA and they they span kind of categories.
So if you are to state or imply that a drug can treat a condition when the FDA has not approved rt 50metimes it's called like off label
like we know that doctors use drugs off label, but if you're, you know, advertisers cannot make claims about drugs that are able to be used outside of the the indication that the FDA has approved them for, if you suggest that a drug can be used in patients with.
Specific characteristics when the clinical trials and what the label says is not matching back to that or
:ia : /	WMN) urfailedfair
Failing to attach to drugs, prescribing informatfOn, including key information whenever we have like TV or radio spots,
So I think what's important here is like.it's important to remember that when you're thinking about like the traffic workbook, right,.and all of the links associated in that traffic workbook. like the Pi, the PPI that like that is all like when we're going through it we·re like.
All right,
Yep. Yep, Yep. It's there,
It's so important because rf one of tho things Is missed, is 1101 included or links oul
Out incorrectly, which I will say is probably the the biggest risk that we run because we are trafficking the assets right
That's that's a compliance issue, rightJ
Because we are presenting an ad that does not allow consumers the proper.
Information or dickiog through to the proper information and I will say that you blow, that's something to keep in mind,

                              :: : eyou get to like click tag 3-4, you're like alright, Yep, that's there
like it's important because that contains critical information that Novartis.
Has has to make public to consumers,
Reminder ads, obviously, we talked a lot about this last year when we were thinking about video and the shortened reminder ads, but or even like the static issue that we're all working thrmigh, right
So if a if a advertiser is appearing to be a reminder ad.
But it isa drug that's like a black bol( or has serious risks, or is trying to make a claim or appear to be help seeking or disease awareness.
But you're suggesting you know a particular product,
So that's that line between likae. Truly,whatisareminder?
What can you say in any type of like static messaging?
Again, more of a creatM' thing, but just something for us to keep in mind as we are are obviously managing the overall trafficking of these of ttiese

e:r:v:: •••••	so while while we manage that directly with Novartis, Novartis


has to manage these issues directly with the FDA If an ad violates the law, the FDA will send a warning letter to the company and then that warning letter has to be posted.
On the company's -bsite, it's kind of like, here's your warning. You need to make this public.
That has happened
I will say it happens frequently, but it's happened to several organizations..right?
For for different things that they've done, if the misrepresentation in the ad poses a threat the FDA will ask ttie drug rnmpany to create a new ad, correct it And then when you think about the more serious things. they can sue the pharmaceutical companies, see supplies. Ask the
Court for in;unction. I mean, think about all that.
If any watclied, the documentary was like Purdue Pharma
All of those where there were really egregious problems with the organization, whether it be witti advertising or or not or like, you know, personal engagementtikeinttiecaseof Purdue.
There's much more ttiat again, we'll have a training kinda 2.0 mucli more in depth on that the over the

Now we're gonna just talk a litt bit about what happensifthereisacomplianceissue.
lssueagainthethegoal hereistoensurea standardiLed approach. If there are mistakes.
So the issue response process this kind of represents what that a summary of what that looks like. So in the eYent that you notice some type of an issue with one of your Cilmpaigns and I will say thiswhetherit'sacomplianceissue,anassetthatis  Exp.
Running in market or just an asset that maybe is running, it's not e.:pired. but it's not right.
It regardless of compliance versus not out of compliance, you still need to alert your manager, right?
If there's, if there's a mistake within the campaign. you alert your manager.
We we do press to by and schedule a call to disa.Jss versus liaving all of these like written Corns back and fortti and having e-mail chains that it's
1	¥,iil·lil·E
; ::::  	
Can we get on to talk about it?
Recommend that if it is something to do with video or a banner right you have the right investment leads you have your CX lead and if you need to pull in like your business lead obviously as well.
We ask that teams work to provide a background of the incident.
I will get to the template of what that looks like. And then obviously.
We need to think about the the response from RN back to Novartis.
We have to alert the clients within 24 hours of an error. I want to ;ust stre,s this because I know that it often times requires time back and forth for us to figure out the full remediation. which is fine, especially if it's a larger error, but like.
We cannot let.
Days, weeks go by where we're trying to fix or identify something iriternatly and we have not made Novartis aware I have been.
Of errors that are like super small, But ifwe sit on it for whatever reason. it's not intentional.
WMEI :7:s
sdli hee G•
nertweek.
The clients get frustrated with that because then they're like, well, what have you been like?
What have you been doing for the last two weeks?
And I they want to be made aware, so I ;ust want to make sure that that's clear to e11eryone that you do need to alert Novartis within 24 hours.
We obviously are looking for ways that we need lo make up U1e the lost invt>ntory, whether it be.
Some type of added value, right?
You need to start thinking about the remediations and then of course what what went wrong and what do we need to change within our QA. And then on the Novartis side. again depending on the scale of the issue, do they need to notify the FDA or their intern?
Speak up so you'll liear us talk about speak up
That's like the internal governing body in whicli Novartis, if they discover a mistake, they have to submit it to speak up.
Anyone who works on key symptoms very familiar with speak up because they ttiey tend to over communicate witli them.

Our clients will obviously review and approve the make good aOOthen if we are recommending a change to our process to help mitigate errors moving forward, they obviously need to approve that.
So what does that look like?
Right so this is the e-mail template. When again wtien we d cover a mistake, this is what needs to be summarized and and provided to your business leadinvestmentlead,riglit?S.oagain.
If it if something is discovered ideally within immediately post discovery of that issue. the core group of people who need to discuss the issue are ona phone call.
You were aligning on what tiappened, what you know, and what the next steps are, and then the appropriate team members need to start pulling this information, right


S.o obviously. what's the brand? What happened? Why did it happen again?
S.ometimes it's human error which?
Fine, we we can &ay that sometimes it's there is the true reason. right?

variety of of reasons
Why? What was the timing?
So you need to unde-rstand, right?
How long was the i ue technically incorrect in market and lay that out and then the remediation and that's something tliat you'll work with your business lead on. So like myself, Eric, Lauren, John Kenyon. your 1/P is like what happened?
Do we need to make up for it? In most cases we're able to to immediately make up the delivery, righti'
Or request some type of make gocd from our third party partners. bLJt we do need to map that out And then what is kind of the impact of the issue, right?
And typically this is going to be delivery and cost associated to that delivery. This is very critical. The clients I've gotten a lot of these where that's not Included that needs to be included, So we can understand liow much we need to mal:e up and what was the
Overall sca oftheis.sue
S.ometimes it helps to soften it. right? Likeifit'ssupersupersmall.
But 1t can r#us m U?rmulQUr communications. In terms of like the chain of communications for something like this, like I said, this e-mail gets drafted up the client or investment lead must review it before it goes out
Oftentimes. we're the ones that will send it and it does need to go to the Coe, the respectWe Coe lead before it goes to CX.
S.o this is something that we've kind of gone back and forth on. but like if it's, if it's, especially if it's a big problem, we obviously need to make sure ttiat
Katie is aware.
But if it's something that's discovered across a specific channel, your channel lead needs to be aware and for anything we're unsure we we iust we communicate it typically to Katie and Adam.
Then then they are induded in the correspondence back to to CX.
It'sjust important to make sure that they do
The Coe does not find out about a mistake from C from CXP and O versus us.
Just not a. Not a good look.
S.o Just want to make sure that wa, clear.
I don't think it w???l'-Vious trainings that CoeneedsM!!!! M 
lf you have any questions or or concerns with that
let me know. OK.
So this isjust kind of a a snapshot of like the pre post and and ongoing. I'm not gonna spend a ton of time on this slide because we're gonna dive into each of these, but this;ust obvio1Jsly shows a11of the various steps and and you 1:now
I mentioned checks and balances right?
Like. what's in place to ensure that that we have multiple steps in which we can can obviously catch error So we'll jump into this and and then.
We'll have some time 'cause. We'll probably wrap early sin-ce we're breaking thisup, we can talk a little bit abo1Jt like where these documents are saved.
In terms of rules and considerations, so anytime you're laLJnching a new campaign, right?
S.o it requires a new traffic workbook.
You need to have at least three reviewers. A soup AMO director or a VP?
The person who b1Jilds the traffic workbook.cannot


bethefirstqiar.
¦ 
:,::.;::

 :.:::;'IF:li'·W	
own work one time and and like I should be
checking my own work. I'm not the first QA.
The first QA is a net new person who was not involved in the b1Jild of the traffic workbook.
J1Jst wanna make that clear and you do need to create a new QA doc every time you are launching a new traffic workbook.
The QA doc is.
Thisis the smarlsheet that runs through all of the different steps when we talk about maintenance. S.lash ongoing QA. right?
S.o just what is happening on a weekly, biweekly and monthly basis to ensure tliat our campaigns are running smoothly?
This is what we'll go through on Monday. Those those timings that the timing?
And kind of levels vary, right?
S.o there's things that the teams are doing weekly, maybe at the senior associate level and then you'll have like more senior level VP or S.VP drop insurance;ust to make sure that you know things are actually being adhered to from a process


:In:to:mark et, ne-w m·ed-ia·pla·cementsw. OcbrveioautsWly ief it's a new campaign, rt we're implementing new targeting or any type of landing page, right.
S.o any type of ma)Or update to our traffic workbook.
And then we are still asking teams to do AQA If you're adjusting any type of, like creative waiting or or pausing. And that's just because of some of theissue:1-thatwesawlastyear.
Any questions so far before I J1Jmp in?

So again, when ifs time to start your new. you know you've completed your traffic workbook and you're ready to have your first QA YOll need to make sure that you have a fresh new QA sheet which is inclusive of the cover sheet
The cover sheet outlines all of the critical. Kind ofwhereeverythingissaved
This helps to make the QA as SWIFT as possible, right?
So you're because when you're QA traffic workbook. you need to make sure you're looking at the deployment grids. The fuse approvals. the floW5. all of that.

	at when if I'm
I have this up.
I havealltl1elinb so lean if I'm driving lean. I can properly and quickly link everything out. And then this is the the QA checklist ltlivesinSmartsheet.
The link is in this document.
This goes through every single step that must happen during that three traffic workbook submission, right?
So again, this is the document that everybody should be using when you are QA ING your traffic stieet.
And a new one needs to be created.
Every time you know you have a new launch or new campaign going into market.
This is a bit specific to video, so it might be like a year or two year.. ago at this point with student team help to work through the Audience segment verification
This was actually post an error where we had Al think it was a third party audience. Partner was 1101 using the right audience segmentation. So we did implement these steps to ensure that if we're

,is isaccurate.

OK.
So jumping into the the Pre steps, so the handoff.
So obviously you k11ow we 11eed to make sure that the creative that the creative that iscoming into N2 is obviously correct and up to spec.
We share all the spec information with our agencies
We obviously have creative manager which has been extremely helpful, but for those and and then obviously there's the, there's still the the manual QA steps and then for assets that are not yet flowing through creative manager, obviously we need to check ev0=rything.
But you 1::now, I'm not gonna read through this v0=rbatim, but just making sure that all creative files are named properly. that everything is including the proper.
Everything is included when they're handed off, right?
So the right formats that we get the PDFs, the link matriK. I feel like there"s a lot of times where we don't actually get the validated PDF, they'll s.ay, oh, here's this, it's it's approved, right? like we 11eed to

	idatedP.

A link matrix if needed. right? If you have more than I thi11k it's four dick tags you you obviously need the link matrix and all of that. Those those items need to beved on box.
So it's it'ssuper critical that we're keeping track of all that especially the fuse documents just because we need to make sure we have that paper trail and we're always tracking that things. Things are actually approved via fuse, like if you just get an e­ mail from your A
Or even your CX lead like. That's typically not good enough.right? Unless.you have like.
Leadership approval. You need to make sure that you have the actual approval documents, the other reason being because they contain all the critical information in terms of like the date of last Doss
Like, what's the eqiiration date?
Because that's the date that we lift and put within our put into our deployment grkis and put to our traffic workbook
So another thing that I've kind of seen over the years is like if dates are wrong, the aor's communicate wrong dates to us. We put those
  e:u;tt•.;•rw trackinga

And it's like, well wait why were we usi11g a date? TheAORgaveus
Like. that's where it Just gets tricky. So as long as we have that file and and we are adhering to the to thedateinthatfile, itkeep.suskind ofs.afefrom from any issue, right. And and running something past expiration.
Again, this is really just like more about the handoff, right and and everything in terms of like how we're getting that.
So we have these like handoff emails that AOR stiould be doing and should be using and in terms of like making sure that we·re tracking everything.
And that again. we have like a clean paper trail of like, did we get everything correctly?
Was everything labeled correctly? And then we can file that away and make sure that when we're getting assets.
That we are are able to quickly reference them They include everything
Keeps things niceardclean
OK. so post the handoff stage right. We start to think about pre launch. right?
Whichisn	--11(,ythinginto
Pris.ma, gPrlJ1/4 tratfrc
workbook.


we'll we'll talk more about Prisma on Monday,;ust as it relates to like those ongoing checks and balances. But like when you're starting a new campaign, you need to make sure that you're going through this Prisma checklist in terms
Of like making sure that everything is correct. lnplace
The ptacement manager.
Our workbook has been submitted Everything's through QA
Everything is is the labeled with the proper size. All of the partner iOS.have the applicable placement information.
The budget is accurate. The targeting is accurate.
Those are things that you know. I know there's for
some of these really big c.ampaigm. There's obviously quite a bit that we have to enter and it's it's manual. So want to make sure that that that's being checked by your direct supef\lisor to ensure thatthePrismain.
;;:;c ; 	WEE  vetalkeda
little bit about this in the handoff, but lilce we need tomakesurethatallcreativeassetsarenamed  properly. everything is sent correctly via lilce a zip file.
If it's if.
Again. if you need the link matrix and proof of fuse,allofthatisinthere.
You're making sure that everything i5 is up to spec loading properly.
If it's YouTube, check that the unlisted link takes you to the video that matches the asset linlc.
Again.just another checl::s and balance in terms of as you're starting to prep your your traffic workbook.
Looking through the pre launch right so you want to make sure that as you·re getting ready to launch targeting right reaching out to the partner to confirm that the proper audience targeting is being implemented.
If it iscontextual, if it is a third party, if it, whatever it is, we need to malce sure that that's specific.
Team to reach out to the partner to confirm that all
tags are with the partner.  ¦ :
 :na;r: :· ·••·r;: hi·	:e:1: : grid needs to be updated.
To ensure that all of the the program status is correct whether that be as you're as you're building your your deployment grid, or obviously. once something has launched, you're gonna you're gonna change that status,.which we'll get into a bit more on Monday
That pretty much wraps up
That piece I do want to jump back
I want to jump baclc to 'cause. We have a little bit of time. I wanna jump back to this. So everything we just covered like.
I want to just make sure and and I think some teams are are doing ttiis to certain levels. Other teams may be doing it to different le11els when I Just want to reiterate that whenever you are building a new traffic workbook. this document needs to be completed. ri9ht?
And there it needs to be reviewed three times by three different di5tinct people. If you need somebody to QA they you know, especially at that third QA it does not need to be if if lilce.
I've had times where people are like, well, someone, so you \::now, so and so is not available.
Wh,te,••...	••uflh•team leads 1s alw		.	somebody. If you need me to QA something and I don't work on thatbrand,that's fine.
I'll QA it.
We've all done enough of them to be able to QA it.
I just want to. I guess you know again reinforce the importance of creating these documents.
The document literally has a step by step guide in itofe11eryevery.
Kind of check that needs to be made and you are putting your initials in this document.
And and I think that's that like accountability piece that needs to be consistent across every single team and every single brand, right.
Like there should not be anytrafficsheetsthatare pushed to ttie tag team that have not BeenVerified by three different people and have not been signed off on in this document.
Again, I lcnow most of you are doing that
I just want to reiterate it the link to that document isisinthispresentation
All the steps are in there. 11you have any questions.

;: :: ...	:::;i: et
ofthese tram1ng"r,&aVour process.
So lilce Shannon has been and Evan have been fantastic. We've been kind of diving into like how we c.an improve and streamline the kind of maintenance QA.
But I'm definitely we're open to feedback in terms of like, if you're going through these launch QA and something just feels redundant to you, right?
Doesn't feel like.
Whatever it is or you feel like you're catctiing mistakes and it's not in the QA process.
Please please like flag that to us thisis a process we want to continue to evolve to make sure that were you know.
A like being as rigorous as possible, but like working as as efficient as possible.
And we are kind of also always looking at way:, we can automate.


I know that often times.it fee very manual and tedious.
I've sat on Q as that are extremely long and you know, ideally we'll maybe get to a place where
thmgsace iloliil,111ii1Wo'liilllillliilo.

But for now, obviously we are using these sheets.
There·s already been fast improvements from where i1 was, you know, back when we started this in like 2018.
But just want to reiterate that.
So I'm going to stop there just because we've been through.
We've been through a lot this morning and I don't thinkwecanget
We would not be able to get ttirough the rest of it in the 45 minutes ttiat we need and we want to make sure that that we give people time to asl::: questions and I recognii.e it's a Friday. so the next.

UlurN>Fitzgrrnld 1:08:23
Person, they're actually sorry. There are a couple questions,yeati.

Kient-en8ritton 1:08:25
ls there questions?


LaurrnFitzgrrald 1:08:2.11
 Angel,1, do you remember what slide that was in thehandi.!EWMM 

Ar.grlaP.,ticca H,8:32
It was a couple of slides baclc.
Yeah, it was about handoff of creative.


Kient-en8ritton 1:08:44
This one.


Ang,,!aP.,licca U)B:45
Yes.



Let me make sure. Andy's. Andy, are you on 'cause? I feel like you may need to, I think this is the slide.OK.

AooyWagner 1:08:51
Yeah, I'm here



Let me sorry, let me read your let me read your question.


Ki<!r<t.,nBrilton 1:08:57 How would we QA asset:\.? lfthatpiecewas.
Sorry I'm not.
I don't know that I'm. I can't.


LilurenFitzgerald 1:09.07
Angela, do you want to just sort of?


Ki<!rsl,rr,Britton 1:09:m<
Yeah, I'm not following.


AngrlaP.,ticca 1:09:09
Yeah• .So so that so D where i1 says Fuse-director's approval and then underneath it says N2 can QA as.sets without approval.

LaurenFitzgerald 1:09:10
Thanks.



Ang,,!aPrlicca 1,09:17
1 EE:il'·i+M






: : ng assets

as lik:e Iid, normally we need the fuse approval because.
One, we need the DG filled out with all the informatKJn, Including expiration date, We need the fuse fuse approval screenshot normally to move forward witti QA and also they need the AR needs that
For the expiration date to Input into creative manager taxonomy. 5o it seems like a lot of parts of the QA process wouldn't be possible ifwe dfdn't have views approval.

AndyWagne, 1:09:46
Yeah, I ttiink that's more directly related to the at risk statics that we would potentially get for launches.
So, but you're right.
I me,m things tiave changed with creative manager to the point now where you have to have that fuse approval in order to put the information into creative manager. so.
Fuse approval should should be needed for any QA unless you're doing an at risk static for a launch.

AngelaPeticca 1:10:11
OK. Do you think:maybe that thiscould be updated to say that because this is a bit. ye,ih, I just 11wanna be able to send ttie updated process the way this is laid out to the aor's.

AndyWagne, 1:10:14
Yeah.


AngelaPeticca 1:10:21

But  I don'twannasendthatone.
I don't want them sending us assets that have not be<2n views approved

AooyWagner 1:10:24
Yeah. No, absolutely.


AngdaP.,ticca 1:10:27
Awesome. Thank you.
And then my other question was on the C link matri)(link rnatri)(now not in DG. Is this just?
Stating like the similarlikeifassethasmorethan four click tags, we still need a link matrix filled out


 :;enri• column

Andy Wag,,.,, U0A-9
Yeah. Yep


••·- u :wC



Angela Petke11 1:10:51
OK.Andis it?
Are we still utilizing that same like matrix template?

AooyWagner 1'1055
Here we are and you only need ttie matrixif you have more than 4.

An9e!aPetke11 1:10:56
OK.


ArldyWagner 1:10:59
Like if you don't have if you only have four or less. you don't have to tiave ttie matrix at all.

Al>gelaP.,licca 1:11:()5

0
e -i K
I just want to be able to 5end that over to the AOR asareminderwithas.setscause.

ArldyWagner 1:11:08
Yep. And we would prefer that because then you don't have duplicative documents that you're cross ched::ing.

AngdaP.,ticca 1:11:15
Yep. OK sound.sgood.

AndyWagner 1:11:16
Yeah.

Ange!aPetkca 1:11:17
Are you able to link just for everyone'>reference? Like where we could find the template for the link matri)(?

AndyWag""'r 1'11:25
Yeah, we can put a link in here.

Ang.,laPetkca 1:11:27

Awesome.

AndyWagner 1:11:28
Yeah

Kiem:en8ritton 1:11:31
Cool. Good que.stions. Thank you. OK Anything else?

LiiurenFitzgerald 1:11:38
Kevin,yourtiand isup


Oh, Evan, I see your hand. Sorry.

EvanSpector 1:11:41
Yeah, I just had a question.
Andy, this is more for Andy. Do the aor's are completely in the know that the trafficking timellnes do not start?
Until the creative passes the QA

AndyWag""'r 1:12:00
Id haveoffire	-1esdayand
;:f;:i :;:illifM		and be sharing that out through ttie distribution emails.

ENnSpedot  1:12:()7
OK
OK Just wanted to make sure.

AndyWagner 1'12:15
Yep



Yeah, and it"s a good point because l think some of them like lo forget that that's the proceo.Sof our clients as well.
So like we when we had those in person sessions with the fabhalt. I know I feel like I keep referericing those sessions, but they were really helpful when we had that in person session with the fabalta witti the propeller team like our velocity team, they we lik:e re
That. and they all kind of were like. oh. it definitely felt like this was the first time they were hearing it


: r :.-,1.atit'sinall of
We'veid it a million times, I think it's we just need to continue to say it


Yeah, like that.
That"s the date, especially as like teams turnover. right?
And even on the Novartis side, like wlien it comes to launches and all tliaL ljust think it's it's a good call out that that we just need to make sure we're always reinforcing that because I still have teams that are like,allright, well.it's 14days.
Right, so here my 14 days has started and it's like well, no. the 14 dar., doesn't stan until like all thesethingstiappen so.
I just fe,el like that's something that they keep forgetting

Andy W ner 1:B:14
Well, and I think I mean. as kmg as there's good adoption of the smartsheet timelines internally within N2 and ttiose are stiared, then those dale> are laid out on a regular basis. And so they see tiow those dates shift based off of when we're what we're still.
Waiting for.
Ki st nB1ilWMM
Yeah.



Yeah. And I'll just add to ttiat point because to ldersten's point on Feb Hall so we had some

We've now been like evert week or we have some meetings essentially where we meet witli AOR. Sometimes clients are on them.
We bring up every week that Smartsheet time!ine tobelike,OK.
This is where we are in the month.
This is where we're tracking so that they know like if there is a delay. everyone is on the same page as to how those dates are changing.
So I recommend that for others


-EricStein rgl:14:07
Yeah. And al:s.o going back to Evan's point about this, that knowing that it has to pass QA in, in those timelines, we actually the initial handoff date is like basically as you had to produce the batching, the initial handoffdate tilkes into
"Q'°A"."S'.ollke4Wi f ly\£fnehandoff Then it's about you know. 2-3 days. Whatever we
built into that timeline. And then the final date for it to pass QA in order to get the batching on time.
So we're actually building in in the timelines. Like two or three extra day:s.for that QA.

A.r.dyWagn  1,14:16
It's five days.


-Eric'Steinhc,rg  H4:36
Great product is AS. Whatever. Whatever it is in the timeline.
But we're actually, we're actually making sure that we're building that QA timing into that actual timeline.

Astdy Wagn 1.1,U
Yep


A,EricSt,in rg 1:14:4
W So that initial handoff date that should be the date to allow for that QA to happen.

Soldon'1 F•··		 Idon't kn--	•s every
brand, but if not, it's definitely helpful.



Yeah,gocall out.
All right.
Any other questions? Comments !1/4gain We'll chat Monday for everyone.
Hopefully you can make it.
We'll Jump into the ongoing QA There's been some updates to that process, but if you have any questions directly on on this or any anything related to QA feel free to reach out to me.
Awesome. Alright thanks everyone.
Have a great we.2kend. If I don't talk to you.


LaurenFit2g ld 1:15:39
Thank you.


-EricStein rgl:15:40
Thanks. kiersten.Bye.



Aye.


JohnShea 1:15:41
Thank you, Bye.


OJerry.loseph  1:15-Al
Thanks.
di	Lagrom 1:15:42

@  Janet Tong ,to  t,a,,.criptOO
FWMM



• 2025 N2 Bootcamp _ Prisma, Placement Mana... rfl v	fJ Search	
1'.Jtl	Record v  =f Upload * Favorite + Playlist	<(jTeamsv





CJ

I:::









2025 N2 Bootcamp: Prisma, Placement Manager, Data QA
June 2, 2025 Expires in 113 days • 1 view • 5harePoirit App • HD	··· ) Documents > Recordings


video
Eridpoint of care team.
So please keep that in mind.
So, Kylie. do you want to go to the nert slide?
Here are links to everything you need when it comes to placement manager.
So we're gonna be talking about just placement manager itself.
That's the link to log in. If you need acces;:;;, you havetosubmitaJIRAticl::et.
Pub Media is the ones that own placement manager
It'spart of the OS, so they're gonna ask for your lion login.
They're the ones that get you access if you guys last minute need access, I can't help you.
So I'm not the person who can grant you access.
So please keep that in mind if you ever need additional field:1i-n place. A manager in the drop down there isa link there.
So that you can submit to the smansheet form to get any new fields added to placement manager. If you ever have issues with placement manager, you can't log in. You can't
You know something's running slow. The AP is not working.
You need to submit a JIRAticket.
There again, U1al's not something that I can help you out with.
That's gonna be on the pub media team
Creative manager is basically placement manager. butatthecreativelevelthatisthelinkthatyour

The creative aor's log into to get to creative manager to put in their creative names and to get their.
Qtheirdata To get their.
HTMLbanners QA.
And then there is our metric tactic dictionary there that will have all of the HCP campa ns and their tacticsandeachofthemetricsthatwernllectfor   it. So that is a list that we maintain with all the partner So the partner everytime they have a.
Whole new tactic. like ,ers say they update their sales deck and they launch a, you know, a new type of doc spot.
Lei's say U1ey will send us that tactic name. Wehaveacompletelist.
h has a unique ID and then we know every single metric that we will get to that new tactic.
So that's our complete list It is updated everyday.
That Is also the list of the tactic fields that you'll
see in placement manager when you're building out your buys.
So this is your one stop shop for all your links.
Do you wanna go to the next slide?
So everything that you guys put in placement manager is super, super important because it's what we use to connect all of our digital data together.
So we're using that unique ID from placemen1 manager to a connect to replacement manager, right?
So that's where we get all of our classification That's tiow we know you got a podcast.
That's how we know if it was tagged or not That's how we know what Prisma product name.
It's under what the site name is everything that we. Into any of our reponing.
Anything for ipmm. It all comes from placement
manager.
So super super important that you start there, ttien once you push it to Prisma Prisma's where we pull spend for our direct campaign'>.then it gets pustied to any of our ad servers, right?
So it's the same name in Flash talking DCM and INNOVID, and then that IED is how we connect to our double verify data, our viewability, our brand safety.
And then it's also if it's programmatic, how we go to the Dsps and we connect to get all of our DSP


spend ·cause when we report out on programmatic, we pull spend from the Dsps
It's how we get the data from the partners.
So if you guys ever are running something tliat tias NPI data ttiat we are collecting, we need ttiat placement manager ID because it's how we connect everything together.
And it's also how we connect lo IQ via data. If we are running a DTC campaign that can be tagged
So this ID is essential
And it has to be unique for each one of your packages and your placements.
Next slide.
So because we're connecting everything together using ttiat ID, this data that you're entering into placement manager and into Prisma, it supports all of these client deliverables, most importantly the one that we talk about constantly is ipmm or that's our marketing mix model. We need data to be at.
The NPI level. or it's at the DMA level. Utm parameters.
I'm gonna say it.
Don'tdou .....
We cannot use that data for our analysis, so we must, for ipmm, have NPI data or OMA level data.
All of this data that we talked about is being put intoimdna.
That is the database where we house all of our data.
That is the name tliat Novartis gave it imdna. So ifyou ever hear imdna, that is our database.
That is where all of this data that you guys are entering gets stored
And where we automate all of om reporting, how Novartis automates all of their reporting. It's all coming from the same location. the same database. and that reporting that we're talking about are these dashboards.right?
So you have the N2.dashboards.
Those are the ones that you guys are linked to in teams that we review every month
Novartis i5 loggiflg in and looking at this e,cact same data in their dastiboards and MCI. MCI is the same name as data Rama Datarama got purchased by Salesforce. They renamed it MCI.
Mal'Xeting cloud intelligence.
So just keep that in mind. This data feeds not just MCI their data Rama, but it also feeds Novartis dashboards that they call I am best all of this data as well, We use for automation right.
So we are trying to automate evel)llhing that we do and the reason being is we don't want you guys having to have to spend your time on this, right?
So the more you guys enter your data incorrectly. the more we can aLJtomate and that means you know, going and reaching out
Partners for their pacing. Data will use this data.
You lcriow evel)llhing that we talk aboLJt from moving data from the media tools into place manager into Prisma.
Everything needs this data to be dean and be correctly entered in, otherwise we can"t automate

And then last but not least we use all the data that you enter mostly to get our NPI data collection right.
All of that data you enter it in, we use triggers, right?
Oh, you put in its HCP. That tells us we ne<i.>d to. Go and look at it for NPI data.
Oh, you put in that the data provider is.
That that we're getting data for this program.
That's how we know how to reach out and get data.
Oh, you put planned units in. Oh, ttiat's tiow we know it's liV1:!.
So we use thisdata for everything to support all of these client deliverables.
So it's super important that you think about what you're entering into the system so that you don't mess anything up down ttie road. right?
So can you go to the next slide?
0 most importantly, when we talk about all this data, it"s not just for our reporting, but it's really for ipmm and our marketing mix models, right?
Keep in mind UTM parameters and or lnnovid tags do not provide DMA level data. So for our ipmm wtiat we do is we first s.ay hey, do we get NPI data for this program if we do great we're good, we're golden, we can do our analysis.
The next thing we check for is do we tiave campaign manager or DCM DMA level data?
It has to be DMA level data. lnnovid does not give usDMAleveldata.
You must.
You have something in innovid. You also need adcm 1 by 1 tag w that we get the DMA level data. Utm parameters do not give us any data.
Nothing, absolutely nothing
OK. If I could get rid of them, I would.
That is not going to give us what we need for ipmm if we cannot tag a buy, which this has to be very,very,veJYlimited.
Did right. this is our custom programs like messy or basil or point of care programs or addressable MVPD. We have to reach out to the partners and it's a lot of extra work to do that.
So ifwe do not tag, then the ne)(I:step is OK we'll go to the p.'lrtner and we say. hey. do you guys have DMA level data? If they don't, then they'll give U.S. National data and we"II ask them, OK, well, how much of your audience at the?
DMA level is in each DMA.
And they'll give us a percent of their audience at the DMA level.


 o we·11take the natmnal level data and dIstnbute it down to the DMA level data based off of those percentages.
If they can't give us their audience and tell us what percent of their audience is In each DMA. we take the national data and we distributed it down to the OMA level data DMA level with census data
All of this to say is those Ol)tions In !)ink need to be a last resort.
lt'sa lot of time and it's a lot of work on our plate and these publishers all send the data in different formats, so then we have to manually reorganize it
[):m'tdolhis.
OK.
Very, very, very little amount of your program should not be tagged.
Everything should at least have a click tag on it so that we can track it and we can get OMA level data.
Sounds good.
Feel free. by the way guys, if you do have questions to go off, mute and ask questions, it is allowed.
OK
So thinking about how you're entering your data into placement manager. we in placement manager the best thing about it is that there·s strings and the string is just wtiat we call the name, right?
So when you go and you put stuff into placement manager. it gives you a name. It gives you a campaign string, a package string and a placement
string.
And we have our unique IDs in them. Don't reuse placement manager IDs, rigtit? So if you are not using the API and you·re
manually copy and pasting
Things in do not ever reuse a placement manager ID for more than one program.
We take this ID and that's how we go into the back end of placement manager and we see metadata, right?
So you're entering a bunch of data into placement manager that does not end up in these names or in ttiesestrings.
Anything that"s not in the strings, you can go into placement manager and update post launch so you do not need to.
Rename anything if you don't see the field in in the string.
Soliketacticnames,right?
That's not here in the string or in the names.
You can go into placement manager and update that at any time. So if you ever made a mistake on one of those fields, it's DK go and update it in placement manager. You can do that post launcti anything in the strings.if you have to update it please.
Try to rename it
You'll need to rename it in if it's like let's. You got the the rate type incorrectly.
Oh no. We remove ttie rate type. Let's say that in the Bl targeting type you did not call out that it wasP2P.thatBTG1.
That 5hould say P2P. lfyou were ever running a PR campaign that"s in the string. you would need to go and rename it in placement manager.
Rename it in Prisma.
Renam€ it in campaign manager !nnovid. Flash talking.
Double verify the Dsps if it's programmatic and the
publishers if it's HCP. So if you need to ctiange 50mettiing in the string, you need to change ttiat string in every single location.
Particularly for NPI, you need to tell the publishers there's a new there's a new sheriff in town, and they need to be using the new names..
So make sur€ you are calling that oul
And you are always updating the names in every single location.
If you ever have to update the string. Thi.sis post launch.
Any questions?
OK.
Next slide.
So once we are done with this training, the direct and the programmatic point of care and video teams, you guys will need to finish these four steps.
First, we're gonna have you update 2025 placement manager for metadata fields to make surethatttiey·vecorrectlybeen enteredintottie system.
These are metadata fields, so again you just have to update them in placement manager only there. So at the package level you'll going to.
The Bl inventory type.
This is al50 referred lo as the budget channel or the channel itself. You're going to update the tactic name if it's incorrect, so if it's a doc spot and you put in run of site, you need to update it. to say Doc spot in the tactic name field.
Atttieplacementle11el.
We're asking you to update the Bl format type which is going to be the .sub channel.
So this is just updating it to make sure that it is correct and that it matches your.
2025mediaplam.
The next thing that you're going to need to update is any place in Prisma where there are no planned units. Every single buy. even flat buys or buys that don"t have any metric guarantees.. must have planned units.
And that is how we are able to a see wtiat's live. But B also we're using it to migrate spend.
So if we had spend in January, but the buy didn't


go live until March. we use plan
It's to take the spend from January and put it into March, so you must update all of 2025 for your programs to have Prisma plan units and for those to be correctly flighted out for all of 2025.
#3 you will need to update 2024 and 2025. Do not use buys. So any time you have a do not use r9ht so do not use is are used
Do not use. This are used when you are re-trafficking
So let's s.ay you got the Prisma product name wrong.
You got the c.ampaign name-wrong or you got that supplier ID wrong and you had already launched the campaign. You'd closed it out for the month and you created a new package, new placements. new everything.
We need you to tie the old packages and do not use to the new ones.
And we want you to use the billing line item PRISM.
A package ID to do that. So take the Prisma package 1D from your. Do not use and put it into the new package that you created as a billing line item.
Prisma package ID we're going to go through an
e)Glmple in here. So these three will all go through an e:,cample of how we do it and then last but not least is we've created Marcel Trainings.
That will be a 11ery complicated quiz. I wrote it.
Very excited about it that you will need to complete and pass.
So these are the m,xt steps, and we're gorma go through all of these.
OK.
So let'sJust talk about setting up your buy at an overall level
So first is making sure that you're choosing the correct Prisma product name. right?
We have a very, very, very set process now.
For every single time you launch a new product a new product is like a new brand.
So first and foremost is do not launch a creative rotation for branded versus unbranded or multiple indications.
They have to be in a new product.
I get questions atl the time. kisqali. EBC and NBC
yet can't run itasa creative rotation.
I know the partner might force you to. Youc.an'tdo it.
You c.an't breakout ipmm if you do it.
You c.an't. Let's say that we have, you know, a Taco panthatddn't.
Launches faboltil that that got launched as a creative rotation. and It was the most painful e.:perience that I've had on Novartis.
Do not do it.
You c.annot do it as a creative rotation.
It needs to be in different Prisma product names. Your CX team will provide you with a product

It's going to have the brand, it's going to have the indication even if there'sjust one indication it's going to be brnnded versus unbranded and the audience will beinthe-reaswell.
Wow. so some elG!mples below right? If for the brand, if it's adse DSA or also referred to as unbranded DSE is disease state educ.ation. DSA is disease state awareness. An e:,cample of that would be a Taco pan or astrentan. It will then a!so have the indication in there.
So again, if there is only one indic.ation, it's still going to have that Indication in the name because I bet you money.
In one year time.
We're gonna have another indication for that exact same brand. So no matter what it has to include the indication or the condition in the name.
It also needs to include if it's DSE or it's branded BRD.
These are the acronyms we use in the names so that we can di tinguish between the two, and then it will always be broken out as your audience-. which will be OTC versus HCP. And l"ve given some­ e.:amples to the right. So lptacopan has three differentindicationsC3.
GI Gan pnh
It's broken out that way. Ashrizentin was an igan.
It launched and became van Raffia.
Those are in two separate product names. Please keep this in mind
11'3 iswherethisdoesgeta little confusing
Make sure you're always selecting the same Prisma product name year over year, even if it doesn't follow the rules below, right?
So we have some stuff that launched back in the day that's just called like pros.
Still select it right.
It might not be the best way of naming it, but we've already worked through our pain and have you know, mapped everything to that name.
So just select the same one year over year because also keep in mind for ipmm we are looking back about.
A year and a half worth of data, sometimes two years.
They want to look back three years, so Just please keep that In mind that we are always looking at stutfformultipleyearsina row.
So This is why it's important.
Please keep in mind too !"4 is that sometimes we were unable to use the trademark:name prior to FDA approval.
So if it's a branded, W€ want you to use the
tr:,rlpm;ulr rump lilr<> i::ohh:olt:, nr Vern lbffi:o. Rut if

the client says, hey. man. you can't use that name be.:ause we don't have FDA approval yet and our competitors might see that name. you need to meet with us.
We will help you come up with a name as a team and that's why we're always meeting like we had to do it for. I forget what the one that Just launched

But we had to do, you know, come up with a different name
So just make sure that you aM'ays are aware exactly what name to select here, because if you get this wrong, you'll have to retraffick ev.-rything.
Everything needs to be under the correct Prisma product name
And then also keep in mind that your corporate and medical brands ,ilways have a separate product name than anyofyourjustgeneral like us oncology or pharma buys.
Questions here because this is super important. Great. Ne)ctslide.
OK.
Always so important here. All buys guys.
All buys even non taggable buys must be in
placement manager with ,1 package and a placement.
I don't care what the publisher says..#.'1 Carly told


This one which 11giggled.
Just because a partner says we don't need tags doesn't mean that we do not tag.
Don't listen to your partners. OK?
Listeri to me and what I say is we always need A
tag
Even ifit'sjustaclicktag.aclicktagisa link.
Guys, there should be not orie partner saying no to this. If they are, you get me on the phone. OK. I will be your bulldog.
So anyhow, always. need A tag.
Again. UTM parameters are not enough. We can't do anything with them.
I would get rid of UTM parameters.
I've tried, I've tried. tried to get rid of all of claravineOK.
They're not useful things for us when it comes to our ipmm reporting, .
It's not enough.
We need that tag in placement manager 1/-2.
You must create a package and a placement
llcriowthat'sconfusingbecauseyou'relike.wait there"s nothing tagged. We need both.
No standalone placements or just standalone packages.right?
They have to have both a package and a placement.
-#3 the placement is going to be a zero by zero placement.
Wehavethat.
We need that placement because at that level in our data, that's where we put down all the targeting information.
And the ad serving inform,ition. So you got to make sure you create one even if it's not tagged before the ad serving method is going to be siteserved.
No tags.
So you're going to tell us, hey, this program cannot be tagged.
You still need to go get data for it. That"s our problem.
But like. it still needs to have that placement so that it tells rf its sltes are no tags..n. o. You still need itfordoo:imity
Everyone needs a placement guys.
You have to have a placement package and placement ad seJVing method.

GabrielleCharles 23:07
No, sorry, sony.


J;,equeline Oe,ron 23:08
The site served no tags


GabrielleCharles 2.3:09
I meant like in terms of tagging.


JacquelineOe,ron 23:11
Oh oh, Drncimity is one that we do allow to not have tags because and the reason being is they always give us NPI data for all of their programs. right?

GabrielleCharles 23:17
OK.cool.


JacquelineDerron  23:24
That is the only reason we accept that for doo:imity. but you'll still need a placement and it'll still need to be a zero by zero ptacement
We also need the unique creative 1 by 1 field to be filled out for non tagged programs and this is where we get the content ID also referred to as MRR. also referred to as the fuse ID.
So I know it's a little confusing because it says one by one, but you still need to put your content ID or your MLRor your fuse ID there.
This i5 for reporting purposes so that we always know what that content ID is for that buy.
rm going to pause any questions OK.
Next slide,
Oh.this is our favorite

a ducky Carly is going to do us a demonstration.
So this is for multicomponent buys and this isan A place where we liave a drug monograph campaign.riglit?
So if you see over here to the left, if you go and you look at your media plans, this is how you can tell how to set up ttiese buys.
So you'll see for ttiis drug monograph tactic. Here we have a banner.
And we have trigger a triggered e-mail.
Now you'll see that the spend is all in tlie direct or emerging display channel.
Tliat's going to be your Bl inventory type or your budget channel.
So you're going to have that drug monograph package, the 81 inventory type is going to be display and then you're going to ha\le a placement for your banner. your Bl format type would be banner for that placement and then you're going to have a placement.
For your triggered e-mail, the Bl format type.
Will be a custom e-mail because triggered emails are custom emails.
So you're gonna have the package is gonna be your budget, and then at the placement level is where you tell us what the assets are. OK.
So this is where it gets super important. because a lot of the teams got a litHe confused here and might have created two pack.ages.
Really, we want one package, 2 placements. So Carly, I'll pass it over to you.
Do you wanna go through an example?

CarlyFish,,r 25:42
Sure. Let me just pull up.
Can you guys see the placement manager now?
Or are you still seeing the deck? OK. perfect. So I canjust make an example using.

JacquelineDerron 25:5!
Yes.

CarlyFish,,r 26:01
Ttie rm just in one of the Cosentyx campaigns just because.
I'm just gonna do one as an example and can remove it after but so for this example, when we're making the package, you would fill out all of the package information.
For the drug monograph, for example, so J can use that one.
So we can just go through Some of U1ese real quick:iust so We can get to the p.'lrt where. We need to tie them together.
So I'm just filling this information out how we typically would for.
A display package, so this part here is where you would click for the 81inventory.
Retype is where you would click:display even though there's an e-mail included in the package or triggered e-mail you would still dick display as Jackie said before the money is being spent on the displa)"tacticandthee-mail.
Justwegetwiththe buy.
So then tliis is not a conference. Andthentheratetype.
Umm for this we can put as flat.
It's not added value or make good, it's a byline item.
Publisher or sorry. tliis one we'll do add server because it's a monograph
And then there is no billing line item tliat we need to account for.
You'll rollover was not previously.
Live, Let'sjustsa)"it's liveforfullyearforthis example.
And then let's just say we can just say, for example s.ak:ethattliis started.
Yesterday and is going through tlie end of the month display by and then tiere you would click standard again.
Ifs on the package level and then for unique publi:s.her ID. I don't believe Metscape has one.
So we can.
Put an A and ttien I just realiied I missed a few up here, so J'm just adding in the ones ttiat ! missed.
Npi data provider will be metscape as they're providing the data and then the tactic here will iust be the drug monograph

J;,cqudinrDermn 28:39
Just one thing to note here.
Why there's two different NPIdata providers?
Tliat is because sometimes the provider might be I heart
Lei's s,Jy that like you're running with I heart. But lqva is the one that sends us the NPI data provider
So just keep that in mind. That's wh)" we have those fields in two separate fields there.
So just keep.
Tliat's something that's unique.

CarlyF!S-her 29:13
OK.And then?
For this I'm just putting in some numbers here.
Just for example purposes. I don't know off !lie top of m)" head what these numbers would be. but I'm just gonna make sure that I filled in allthe parameters needed.
Looks like I forgot that one.
So then when you click save and out of placement. It'll bring you to the placement area.


monograph drug monograph tactic itself.
So for placement or format type, we can use or is it?
No.


Placement description. Drug monograph.
Ad serving method you would do, but ifs being served as and then device type it can be.
Cross devK:es.
Verification.
And then.
Pack. Sorry for dimensions, you want to make what the actual dimensions would be for the package

Drug monograph. Let'sjus.tdo.

Size.OK.AndthenherefortheBlformattype,the  inventory type is still display and then the format type would be a banner.
Inventory type would be publisher, direct, O&O and theri for the creative ID. Sirice this is not like a custom creative, we can just put this.
You can see here if it"s not a one by one. you can just put Sofia not one by orie.
And then forward type you would just put the targeting.Solcanjustdotargetlist.
Right now data provider will be.
Should be Medscape, as they're the ones who are providirig the data, but I don't see those them in here.
Oh·.cause. we it's actually gonna be the target list. Never mind.
So it could be first party data for dient 'cause we get the data from artists and then audience quality. Since it's HCP, we don't have any diverse targeting
Yeah. And then we can leave this all the same.
And then create and add another. So then for the e-mail you'd wanna update the plac,emenl or format type to be.
Hmm
E-mail which you know custom e-mail
And then for the placement description, you can add in.
E-mail to the placement name so that way you can track between the two which i:;: for the e-mail which is for the actual tactic. and then for the ad server method.
It'll be site served with one by one and then no verification
Then just making sure that all of these will stay the same dimensions we want to make as a one by one, and then for Bl inventory type this will stay.
As display as the funding is associated with the actual drug monograph and then for the format type, that's where we will click display triggered e­ mail
For the creative ID, you would put the creative fuse code that you're using for the trigger.
E-mail if you don't have this at the time that you're creating the placement you can put an A and then update it on the back end. Once you get the creative a55ignment but you will need to update this to be the correct creative JD, so I'll just put
Na for right now, since I don't know the creative assignment yet.
And then you can Just click add and you can see in. Placement manager
I'm just gonna go to the ;ob monograph.
You can see or actually. I'll go to the package tab.
You can see that there's now this package and then within the package you will have the banner placement and then also the custom e-mail placement. And then from here you could Just push to Pris ma and then it will show up in Prisma

Ja,cquelineDN"Ton l4:25 Azim.
Thank you. Car1y
Don't forget to go back and update your creative IDs once you have them right.
That's the reason it's in the metadata, It means that you can always update those fields, right?
Anything in the metadata, you can always go and update anything in the strings. You cannot.
The strings are the names OK.next slide.
So In placement manager. you're also going to see added value and make good flags.
That's a yes. no.
So for added value that's any media that's provided. Typically when the campaign has been approved.
It's basically a. It's offered based off of a partnership. making sure that we spend a certain

Ifs going to be additional metrics. basically. we just didn't agree to pay for it.
Wegotthisforfree.
AME Good is when something went wrong. Amit Good is when something underperformed.
It didn't run as planned.
Maybe the ad didn't serve correctly. It nm in the wrong placement.
Maybe we underdelivered.
They owe U.S. media, so therefore we want to make sure that they're separate packages for added value. There are separate pa(kages for make goods. The rate type should be free placement manager.
You just say yes if it's added value
Or no if it's riot in th,e in the added value section


lhere·s also Just a a drop down that does make good.
You put yes or no there loo for a makegood.
We need this for our verification reporting that we


We have to report out on all of our added value and all of our baked goods.
We're also gonna meet with the verification team to talk about what we do in over delivery sit1Jations and we'll follow up with some training on that too.
OK.
So we do some weird stuff on Novartis, right?
And the main the one thing that we do have happen sometimes is yo1J might have a scenario where we have many tactics, but there's only one package. So anytime we have m1Jltiple tactics that are gonna be running. but the partner only wants toputitallinone
Package you have to create what's called a billing line item.
So you're gonna have a package for the billing line item, and then a separate package for each of the tacticsyou'rerunning
So Ooximity is a great example of this.
They love to say let's run a dock alert and a dock spot so you'll create a package for the billing line item. The tactic name would be billing line item The rate type would be flat or whatever. The program rate type is the fee type.
There field that'semployees.
The manager would be billing lineum. So you're saying hey?
Thi is where you house all the spend, and then you're gonna push that billing line item to Prisma so that you can get this Prisma package ID and then you need to create a package for the DOC alert and a package for the doc spot and then in.
The field that's called billing line item Prisma package ID, you link them all together. So you put that Prisma package ID from the billing line item into that field and in place manager in the metadata so that we know to pull the spend from the billing line item
And alley it to the DOC alert and the doc spot each of yom tactics in Prisma will need to ha\le Prisma planned units.
So that we know which tactic is going live and when.
So Carly's gonna demonstrate how we do this within placement manager.
Carly, do you wanna .share your screen again?


CarlyFish,,r :IB:20
Sme.
For this one I can Just use a paclcage that was already created just beca1Jse it might take some time1Jpto.
Make 3 net new packages.
So for using Doximity as an example, I guess I can make a billing line item package first
Is that we don't have yet
So for the dimensions..it'll bea package. In name site.

Jacqu line DNTon 38:50
Actually, Carly, let's.just go and click into one of the DOC news real quick.

CarlyFish,,r :IB:54
OK.
Yeah. sure. Figure it out Yeah.there·s..yeah

Jacqu lineDNTon 38:56
Yeah, right.
Let'sJust look at it Yeah, and then let's Scroll down.
Right.


CnrlyFishcr 39:04
So here you would need to put the billing. We didn't set up on Cosentyx. This way ·cause we got guarantees and billing breakouts for each tactic. bet

Jacqu.elineD,erron 39:04
Where are you there right here Yes, exactly
Which is the right way to do it?Go the Carly way? Doit
The Carly way. That's the right way.
The billing line item is only when the publisher literally refuses.
So as Carly was saying. her team made sure that there was guarantees and breako1Jts for your programs.
You sho1Jld ,ilways do this.
This isjust a rare scenario. When they we had to be forcedtodoitlike this.
But let"sj1Jst pretend for the one we·re showing here. If you had to set it up and you're like the spend's not in this package, it's in a different package.
You put tile Prisma package ID tiere and that tells us for ttiis p,ickage tiere where we need to go and find the spend.
So you can use this for other scenarios too, right?
If you ever need to connect two packages together.just put the Prisma package ID here for both of those packages.
So put it for the billing line item and put it here for theactualbuysothatweknow,
What how to connect the spend together between those two p,ickages?
And the Prisma ID we use it because it's it used to


be our sourac ot truth tor the ll>5, but that make sure you're putting the Prisma ID there, right?

CnlyFimer 40:16
There may be.


Jacqudinr0'"'1"0fl 4026
Stans with AP. which is different than our placem€nt manager ID. Any questions?
OK. Do you wanna go back to the side?


Cnlyf!S-her 40:39
Yep

J;ocqu...line0'"'1"on 4043
Explain. So we also are going to use this field if you guys ever do have an issue where you did traffic a campaign and then after it launched rt. was like Oh no, I need to re traffick and this might happen if you did the wrong Prisma product.
Name you did the wrong campaign or you did the wrong supplier.
Code it's already gone live, and you're like. oh,. no, Jackie, lneedtoretraffid:.
Happens OK.
So what you·re gonna do is you·re gonna take your do not use package. And historically. what we·ve asked is for you guys to update the names in
Prisma, right to say do not use because of the API you between placement manager and Prisma. you're gonna be unable to.
Update the names in Prisma. So what?
We ask you to do is in your do not use package
Go ahead and update it to include in the description.
Dnu and then we want you to pretend like it's a billing line item.
So you'll create your new pack.age with your new placements, and then you'll connect those two together withthePrismalD.
See how it looks like AP there your Prisma ID alwaysstamattheP.
That ID you can link them together between the do not use package and the new package. All you're saying to us is these two are connected together.
You need to find the spend from these and add them to spend together.
So that Yre can do that on the back end. Next.slide
Rollove are very similar, right?
So a rollover is anytime you bought something. Let's say we're about we're about to hit 2026.
So let's 5.3y you ha1,1e a buy and it is going to continue into 2026, Unfortunately, because of billing, you're gonna have to retraffak the whole buy.
So when you retraffick the buy and you"re setting this up for 2026.
You're going to put in the roliover section a yes no.
So that is a rollover
You're gonna give us the Prisma package ID for the pre1,1iousyear'sbuys.
You're gonna give us the 2025 Prisma package ID.
This package ID says. hey for this program that's running in2026,italsoran lastyear,soitconnects them together.
You need to tell us how many months it was live last year, 'cause. That's part of our calculation to do a cost per month for the spend. And then you also ha1,1e to tell us how many months the
program's gonna be. Live in totality.
This can be an estimation.
It's OK if I'm gonna add the months it was live in 2025. Plus the months live in 2026. This would be the total months live.
So these you have to read traffic and you have to fill out all of these fields in order for us to correctly report out on spend for rollo1,1er programs
Any questions?
Again, these are metadata fields. so if you ever didn't do this and you're like, Oh no.
I have a rollover back from 2024. lneverupdated.
Go update it.
You can do it at anytime, right?
It's metadata fields, so please go and update any rollovers that you did not properly indicate from 2024into2025.
Next slide. Production fees.
So ideally we used to say breakout production fees as separate packages because of a variety of different reasons. but ideally include your production fee In your working media spend, so thatthere"s only one package.
Plea5€ this way we're not searching around for data anytime we see a production fee. If you do need it
And two two different packages.
Create a production fee package and attack uu
package.
Again. you're going to use that Prisma package ID to connect them together
So in the production fee Prisma package ID, you're going to put the Prisma. you're going to put the Prisma ID for that production fee there. And then in the tactic that ifs associated to. you're going to give it also that Prisma package ID, you're linking the packages to.
So that Yre know that production fee belongs to that tactic or that working media buy,
Any questions?
OK.

Gnbrie/leCharles 45:14
Oh,I have a question.


JacquelineDerron 45:14 Next slide Yeah.yeah.Go for it.

GnbridleCharlcs 45:17
So when you're adding, when you have a production fee, that's like part of a buy, but like y it,ithasa rate like there's an example I have of the current program that's like a cpuv rate

Ja-cqu line DNTon 45:23
Mm hmm.
Uh huh.


GnbridleChnrles 45:32
And there's like an upfront fee in January, but then theprogramofficiallylaunchesinMarch.
I you know, I want to show that the budget is in January, but I don't want there to be units
'Cause then that makes it look like it's live, and I
know, like urually your team will.


Jitcqudinr DNTon 4 :48
Ye,;,that is where you. That's where you do need the two packages, right?
So that's a great el<3mple of how you should have a package for that upfront fee with like the rate I'm guessing probably is Just flat. right?
Because it's free in January.
No planned units for it because it's a fee
Put it in as a production fee in the fee type. Create a separate package for when it goes li\le in March with the cpuv.
Rate connect them together. Take the Prisma production.
Fee from the the first one that you built put it on the back end there for both of EM so we can connect them link EM



Yeah, the thing that made it interesting with ttiis package ttiough is that like. say. it was like SOK with like a $5 cpuv rate a11d the units are calculated based off of that SOK.But part of that SOK has a production fee. So techn
Likeit'slike37K.
That's actually, you know, the working media. But like the total number of units is based on that SOK and so.
I ended up having to just like.
In order to have the correct units. I made the buy flat and I noted that it was a CPUV in the 10, b\II that was a tricky one and I could like I could like go off on the side with this about you.

JacquelineDerron 47:08
We yeah, I think you did it there
You did it the right way. I would just say though, once we start automating for planned units and collecting that data from the publi ers, we're gonna have to figure out what we do for stuff like that right?

Gabrie(leCharle5 47:24
Yeah.


Jacqu line DNTon 47:2'i
We'llfigureitout.
0 Gnbridle Chnrlcs 47:27
Cool.


JacquelineDerron 47:31
But that's a great example of when you would need the two packagei., right?
There's pad::age for the upfront fee and then a package for when the buy actually goeslive.
Link em together with the Prisma production fee
ID.
OK.
So a lot of the information we just went through is just like, how do you set it up right?
How do I get like my little base going and then we ask for a lot of other data and that's so we can break out the buy in the reporting. So any of the other fields that we're asking you guys to enter are so that we can break.
Out the data in very specific ways.
So again to the next slide we ask for you guys to putin.
A couple of places. What seems like duplicative data.
That right?
You're why are you asl:ing me for Medscape? Being entered three times into the system?
And that's because we use those fields for different things.
So the in name site is the Prisma site name or Prismasupplier11ame.
It's the must match our Prisma supplier list which is like that 10 list.
It's the 10 name that everything gets built towards for that publisher.
The supplier is a site that was actually run and is going to match our metric dictionary.
So an example here at the bottom is Haymarket right?
Sometimes we're billing Haymarket and they're the supplier.right?
We're running on Haymarket inve11tory, so it's going to be Haymarket Haymarket but Haymarket


also owns PRI. so the in name site would be Haymarket. The supplier would be PRI Multimedia medical. Same idea.
S.ometimes we're running aaoss all of multimedia medical inventory.
So the supplier would just be multimedia.
S.ometimes we're running specifically on cancer news network for multimedia.
S.o multimedia in name site while the supplier would be can-cer news network.
S.ame thing happens with Hap Shin Chan that one. That one.
We're billing and then the supplier is urban health hemp communications.
Great example here. In 11ame site, hemp communications supplier Co11sultant 360
Have communicatio11s
The suppliers fir.;! managed care.
We do this similar setup for programmatic too, so if you're ever running a PG deal or PMP deal your name site is going to be PM precision.
Your supplier though, is going to be where you're running.
Maybe we're doing a PMP deal with Heatth union The supplier would be health union.
S.o this is where it tells us what site we're actually runrnngon.
We need to malce sure that we're breaking out.
Pmx lift apex and active in a very special way.
S.o you're going to ha11e your in name site being pmK. lift active or all of our different types of apacs.
We have ap€Kdeals, apex audio, apex Outcomes, apex, YouTube. Make sure that you are selecting thecorrecti11n3me site for these breaks so that you bill it correctly
Kylee was telling me some of the teams had to retraffk:kstutfbecausethey.
Labeled the wrong apex.
S.oju,t double check on that011e.
Make sure you are always selecting the proper011e lo bill the supplier is gonna be where we ran, right?
S.o ifwe did an apex Amazon deal, we need to makesurethal
We are putting down exactly where we're running and then we do use the OS.P field
I know it's not exactly a DSP, but the DSP field helps us keep a very clean list of acti11e pmx lift and apex partners.
That we run with. So you'll also need to make sure th3t the DSP field is filled out, particularly with whate11er by a type you're running with011e of these three partners
These are our internal partners. Again, rfyou don"t see your site.you can request it using that smartsheetlink.
This is.
Going one of our most important fields that we have in placement manager is the tactic n3me.
So you can re11iew the Smartsheet media plan to see exactly which tactic we're running
Talk to your partner. Right. If you don't know what tactic you're running and you don't see it on ttie listtalktoyourpartner
Make sure you understand what tactic you are running.The publishersallha11e11ery,11ery rnmplete list of all of the tactics.
For any of our HCP ones, these are the exact same lactic names that we ha11e in our metric dictionary.
S.o every single time they have a new tactic, they're sending usa list of their tactic mimes, and that this is that list that they'vesentusforHCP,forOTC. It's going to be a little less.
b:act it's going to be a little bit more generic and th3t's becauseforDTC. we're really using it for benchmarking purposes.
But review in your smartsheet what that tactic name is and make sure you're seleo::ting the correct lactic.
Field this is in the met3data, so if you do ever make a mistake here, you can always go and edit it and that isone of the follow-ups from the bootcamp. lfyou go to the next slide.
Just keeping in mind here, mal::e sure you are requesting a tactic. If you go there and you do not when you go to place a manager and you go to th3t drop down, you don't see your tactic.
You need to request one for HCP. Again. These are the tactic names of the s3me tactic or product names that the partner send us, and the NPI data.
We track 311these tactics, they all have a unique ID
in them and unique name.
And they are exactly the e;ame names that they send us the data with.
S.o re11iew your metric dictionaries for HCP, When you were looking.
For your tactic names again, if you don't see it submitittothatsmartsheetforDTC.
These are going to be more generic tactic names.
They're used just for benchmarking purposes.. right?
S.o if we're doing Google YouTube affinity, that's going to be the same across all of PHM, actually, so that we can actually benchmark all of our OTC tactics for 2026.1'11be working with you guys to make sure that you're submitting all new items to the
Dictionary
S.o we're submitting them at an enterprise level so that we're not.
Meeting and getting submissions by brand. right.
S.o we wanna make sure that we're getting a rnmplete list of tactic names by by brand so that it's not.
b:cuse me across all of enterprise so that we don't


get a separate submission by brand. There·s a complete list at the top of all the tactics.
There's the metrk dictionary liriking and then if you log into placement manager, that's also our complete list
So, Carly, do you wanna show how the team can look in in the ,martsheel to see their tactic names?


CarlyF'tshN
Sure.I can just open up.
I don"t know where is this links to. Oh sorry. Let me go back.

Jaequelirtt.'"Derron 54:47
Oh, I didn't link to the the the smartsheet in it. Sorry, the different smart,heet.
Sorry, this is the the link to the form different one


CnrlyFMcr 5.4:56
OK.
Yeah.So1'11justput I'll pull up.
So in the smartsheet I'llJust go to. Hello, Hep one for example
But the tactic name should be in. The tactic column here.
So whatever isIn the tactic column. here is what you should be looking for in the drop down in placemerit manager. Sometimes the way partriers provide the names.will be a little bit different but we want to make sure that in the end to like media plan work.
That we are using the name that reflects npm so that way a11of our documents are equal and match back up. So like for example the provide. navigator and our media plan workbook should match up to meet tactic name in placement manager that"s labeled as the provider NAV.
So anything in this tactic column you want to make sure is directly correlating back to the tactic name in placement manager.

JaequelineDerron  56:20
You want to filter for the drug monograph m we can show the team how to see the emails versus the banners.
So this was a a nke way for when you have a multicomponent buy if you search for that tactk: it will show you that example we were looking at for drug monograph, r ht.
Soyoucan see here you got a drug monograph and it comes that program is also coming with a triggered e-mail
So if you ,croll to the left or. We're. Yeah. we·re there you go.
You can see here how the display portion of the buy that has the spend. So your Bl inventory type or your budget channel is goirig to be display.
You're going to have one package because you onlyhavespendforoneofthesechannels one package, and then you're going to have a placement for your banner, and then you're going to have a placementforthattriggerede-mailora custom e-mail there
So you·re going to have two separate placements with one package.
Search.
And make sure it always matches to that tactic

So we need you to go back into your guys: 2025 campaigns and make ,ure that your tactic names match here and make sure that you have put it in the correct Bl inventory type and correct Bl format type for your buys.
Let"s go back to the presentation OK.
Keep going
Yeah, I think we're on slide 22.
So we J t went through that example. Yep. Cool.
So then make sure guys for peer-to-peer or P2P buys:. Also our NGE or NBA whatever they wanna call it match.
Whatever they want to call him. we break these outinafieldinplacementmanagercalledBI  targeting type. If you ever need a special break. So if you if the client's asking for some sort of special reporting or a different way that they're break;ing outthe.
Buy this is where we use Bl targeting type, but most importantly thi, is where we break out P2P or peer-to-peer campaigns. And your Nguyen your NBA campaigns. This field is in the string we need it in the string
In the names.. so make sure you get this right when you first launch a program, because if you get it wroog, you'll have to go rename it and you'll have to rename it in Placement manager. Prisma campaign manager lnnovid Flash talking double verify with the partners and the
D,p's so again, make sure you get this field right and you're indicating match and nge NBA peer-to­ peer.
Those are the most important things that we·re indkating in this field.
Next slide.
So again, the Bl inventory type is the budget channel.
We just went in that example for the drug monograph, right?
So make sure that in the Bl inventory type you're selecting
Your budget.
So wherever that budget was in your smartsheet, that's what you select in that field. And then the Bl formattypeisattheplacementlevel.
That's gonna be your asset channel or it's gonna


bewhateveractuallyran.
So you can have an e-mail within your display budget
You can have an e-mail within your audio budget even it's all based off of whal your budget is versus whattheactualassetorchannelis.
Mak:e sure also in that Bl format type field ill the placement level you·re indicating podcast versus streaming audio. So anytime you are running on a podcast specifically the Bl format type must be podcast.Otherwiseforyouraudio buys it is
str-eaming audio.
This is so we can break:thl!i out for our ipmm results.
Data partner definitions. Now your data team strategy team has been all over this, right?
Thisis very important when it comes to all the differ-ent state regulations that you get this right. So you need to understand the differences
between first. second and third party data, First
party data is when you get it directly from Novartis.right?
Ifs their own digital propertie!;.
Right now we have a relationship with live ramp and pulse point. To get this information.
So it's going to be in first party is anytime that you·re doing CRM or you're doing any of.
Anything fromte retargeting from live ramp perspective, that is, first party data that we're utilizing.
2nd party data and you select second party is
when you're using the partner's own data.
So if you let's let's say that we are, you know, running with Pandora and Pandora is only looking

Thatare55 plus.
They're using their own registration data in order to target women 55 plus. So MMD or Healthline can do this..
Our HCP platforms do this all the time. Sometimes we're working with their own target listrigh1?
So the publisher might give us a target list
We might merge our target list, our first party target listwiththeirtargetlist.
That"s when you select first and 2nd party data here.
Now if it is a third party data provider, we need you to select what provider that is..
Maybe we"re running with cross or swoop or you limow any of our claims based data as well.
Anytime we're overlaying third party data, you
need to select which third party dala we are running with.
Any questions here,
Thisis 11er; Important when it comes to our data pri11acy,so makesureyou'rethinkingabout this from a Novartis perspective, not the media or a data pro11ider.

Danielle LoV"e 1:02:32
Yeah,exactly,Jackie.
Yeah, just to build on that, a lot of times when you·re talking to the publishers. right. they're
going to call it first party data because to them it is their first party.
Yeah, but when we need to run through all of the compliance questions that my team bugged you all about rec-ently, we have to think about il
lsitNovartisfirstpartydata?
If it's the partner's first party data, then as Jackie said it from ourperspecliV"e.
Its second party data, so it's fine that they call it first party data, but we have to do that translation.
To make it through the lens of No11artis.


JacquelineDNTOf'I 1:03:20
I was on mute.
Oh, thank you, Danielle.
So here's some scenarios that Danielle put together.
SCT."nario one.
You're running with pulsepoint or live ramp. and you·re using their data our own data to target and buy our data Novartis'sdata.
So we're u!".ing their data to target. so that is the option -#1 you'll select first party data.
Option *2 H-ealth union is using their own data. To get to target people along the health union network, that second party data select second party data scenario -lf3 at the end they're using Novartis as target list and their own target list
To target Individuals. select first and 2nd party data.
Scenario 4.
You're running with crossix and you're running with swoop.
Select crossix or you'r,erunning swoop, right? You need to put down if it's a third party provider.
You need to put down which third party proV"ider it isnumber5 and there's actually an updatedsl e here.
But Epsilon, sometimes we and it might not ;ust be with epsilon, but sometimes we might merge both first party and 3rd party data. If this ever happens, you need to request it from us so tt,at we can indicate it in place of manager. Super important for state Reg.
That we callout. Anytime
Ifs first and third party data.
So if that ever happens, we couldn't e11en think of an example because we're no longer really doing this with Epic salon.
But you need to com,eand reach out to us so that
we can properly identify tt,at again for regulations.


And then scenario 6 is another one iluma anytime you're running with that it's type of data pro,.,ider Anytime they are, you know using any acti,.,ity data browsing activity to target your audience. Again, that's a thirst third party.
3D Artner and you need to select down which third arty publisher you are running with.
Any questions about your data partner? Data provider drop down.
OK.
Next slide
ln,.,entory distribution type you'll see.
Here we put down a couple of different options here for programmatic. It makes sense, It's P.
GPMPP open e)(change SSP deals if we're doing an
SSP
But whene,.,er you're doing something with a direct partner. you really need to start indicating if it's runthe site or not. Pub direct oo means we are running on own and operated property in a very specific content.
You know you're doing a condition center.
Maybe you're completely taking o"er, you know, a competitor's page.
You're running on specific content.
Pub Direct run of site is usually given to us for free.
It's generally you're running across lots of different parts of the publisher"s website.
You're not running on specific.
Specific Content pub direct programmatic.
Let's say you're running with health union and they're running using a DSP. They themselves are usingadsp.
Health grades does it too.
You want to select pub direct programmatic because they're actually using a DSP.
We're not managing rt. Theyare.
It's also known as managed service.
Network.is whene,.,er you're running on a lot of different weOSites and you ha11ea direct partnership with those weOSites and you're not using a DSP.
So those are your four options for in,.,entory distribution type for direct buys
Make sure in particular you are indicating.
Run of site so that we can break those out from other buys. It'sgonna be very important for our bend1marking purposes.
Awesome. So let's di"e into when you can actually tag Abhay.
Make sure you're tagging everything guys.
Double verify verification. This tells us what is the bend1mark for our viewability standards.
Keep in mind. one by ones can be tagged for viewability.
The only exception is emails.
Make sure you're talking to your partners about their capabilities.
You should understand e)(Jctly what they can tag. What they can't tag, so for our video.
And display non programmatic buys are a display programmatic buys.
lsour threshold
Our viewability standardsis 70%.
For video programmatic. our threshold is 50%. If you have a high share of "oice or custom buy and you know we have ads at the bottom of the page, it's going to bring down our viewability score.
But they can accept tags you :1-elect. Double verify MRC definition 0% threshold. That'sJU.St saying, hey, we can
We can tag, but you shouldn't gi\le us any sort of benchmark here.
We we €)(peel to ha"Jea very low viewability score and the11anytime wmething can't be tagged with double verify, some of our FEP buys, some of our HCPpartners, you select no verification if they are unable to tag with DV
Checl:::out your 10 because that's where our viewability standards are set.
Play.
0 audio and video buys are very difficult to set up. We completely understand this.
Wedo have an RFPtracker.
It's a tech rider. We'll be sending it out for this ne:,;t upcoming RFP round as well.
So you can go through that techrider and see what kind of tags your publisher can accept for audio and video
Please try to walk through this priontization right.
So first and foremost, it's best if that buy is being served in INNOVID and has adcm 1 by 1 tag.
So again, if you ha"e something in inno,.,id, you also have to do a DCM 1 by 1 tag DCM 1 by 1 tags is where we get that DMA le,.,el data.
Can't gel it from inovid
So first you got to do inovid and a OCM 1 by 1 tag.
That's going to be how we serve a lot of our addressable TV's
R OEM buys CTVOTT any of our audio or ;ust your standard online video. Your ad serving method in placement manager is going to be served in DCM and INNOVID in your creative length.
Your for the creati,.,elength.
So how long the video or how kmg U1e audio ad is you're going to put that in the size or the dimension and then you're going to also put the creative length and the size and dimension.
So you're putting in the description. And you're goi11g to put it in the actual.
Size, dimension field and pla(ement manager in
Prisma.


IYld .. t'"OUl<eyuu,tc.:,t"lUIIY upult"f'ltl,,d,, "",'tc,Wt'"I
tobe innovid and the Prisma ad size field is zero by zero. That's what gets things confusing, right?
So in Prisma that ad size field is zero by zero. If you can't serve it in DCM, serve the video in. Sorry if you can't serve it In innovid, serve the audio or video ad within DCM. You'll need special approval by Ricky
And the media tech team, your ad serving mettiods can be serve-ctin DCM. Your creative length isgoing to be the size or dimensions you're goingtosetitup.
Basically the exact same as you would for innovid, besides the primary server's going to be DCM.
Again, you need special approval by Ricky and the rest of the and Julie, of course, the reserve beautiful media tech team. ff you can't do DCM serve go innovid 1 by 1 and DCM 1 by 1.
And this is so we can get. Tagging what is quartile tagging?
That's so that we're able to tell you.
Did you complete 25, fifty, 75% or 100% of your audio and your video by? So keep in mind this is audio and video, so if we do a 1 by 1 tag you're gonna put the creative length in the description of the placement the.
Placement size will be 1 by 1.
Your primary ad server will be in a video and the Prisma ad side will be one Dy one. You can't do that.
Go down to the DCM 1 by 1. You won't be.
We won't be able to do quartile tagging, but at least we'll get that OMA level data.
So that's gonna be super important site. Serve 1 by 1.
You're gonna put the link in the description and then the placement size will be 1 by 1. If you can"! tag again, we still need a placement. OK. so that's only gonna be for those super rustom buys that we're doing.
Mvpd's, Any of our addressable TV that can't be tagged.
You know, we did those podcasts with I heart. Don't do this.
Thisisaveryrarething.
OK.
It's taking our team a lot of time to get a lot of that data in.
So this is very very last option here, but you'll still need a placement. The ad serving method again is siteserve.
No tags.
Put the length of the creative in the description, the placement size or dimension will be zero by zero and then in Prisma you're not going to have an ad server and the ad side doesn't really matter either because it's not tagged, but the data in placeo1 manager.
lsstill.
Very excited.
It's the. It's still very important place a manager so
we lmow to go and get data for it.
So. Carly, do you wanna maybe show, especially in Prisma where the team can indicate the primary ad server.mdthePrismaadsidefield?

CarlyF rl:13:14
Yes, Mia, just pull up, Prisma.
And I canjust pull up a campaign. for example purposes.
Lei me goto
OK. so for making sure that the zero by zero and one by one isreflected in Prisma itself. you need to make sure ttiat )'0u're going here to this drop down and selecting the traffic layout. And then from here where it says tag size is where you either.
Want it to reflect as zero by z.ero or one by one. so the primary ad server will be a drop down here and then you wouid select in a bit or DCM.
Based on the partner and what they could take in the slide, we just went througti with Jackie and then.
For the tag size, it'll actually be determined by whatever you select in the placement type field.
So for instream video that will give you if you select that it'll give you a zero by zero.
Something lo note about this section in Prisma, particularly, and you'll see it as the error I'm getting.
Right now is once you sign out the tag sii:e in the traffic layout and push from Prisma to your ad server. you cannot go back and re or I guess switch over so you see how it's giving me an error here.
This was already pushed as a 1 by 1, so when I try to change it to be an in stream video it's saying that this can't be changed because an ad server update was set.
So something to definitely double check for before pushing.
From it Prisma to your ad server for trafficking is to make sure ttiat this column here in this layout accurately reflects the tag size you need.
Otherwise you will need to duplicate the placement and then re push to Prisma.
I mean and then re push to the ad server from there. So in order to Just prevent doing double work I would just make sure you're checking this before you're going to the traffic tab and pushing it over.
So.
You can see. Hear that?
11you click like in Page will give you this one by
one tag size and then if you click.

show it now because this was already pushed, but it'll give you a zero by zero here and then once you push to DCM or inavid it will show up in those ad servers as zero by zero.
And then you am see also that these ha:1t-o be trafficked as one by ories, which is why the.
Creatr'lename.
As the one by one placement in it
But we do note in the actual placement riame what length the audio is, so that way we do tiave somewhere to track what is being served.
Of course. if you were to switch the.
Asset that was runriing from like a 60 to a 30 or whatever, you would just need to make sure that your placement accurately reflects that as well. If you are putting the length in the placement name
But was there anything else, Jackie, you wanted me to go through in Prisma.

JacqU<l'!line DNTon 1:16:51
No.that's perfect.
Does that make sense to everyone 'cause it is just a little confusing 'cause you're basically p.Jtting in the ad server, the ad serving method kinda twice, and then that's. you know, the size is where things get a little bit more confusing too, but makes s.ense to everyone on.
The line.
Awesome. OK.cool.
So then the same sort of thing applies when -·re
looking at our companion banners, right?
Talk to your partners about what they can accept. Sometimes they can accept just one placement.
So when you're setting up your videos or your audio buys..right your package is going to be based off of the budget channel. The Bl inventory type there, right?
So make sure that you're selecting for your video.
Even if you have a companion banner running right?
We want to make sure that that pack e is what the budget's coming from.
The Bl inventory type would be video and then you can have a placement. The placement or format type would be video ,md companion banner and then Bl format type woukJ be, you know skippable or non skippable mix for your video here.
So this is a place where this is how you set it up. If the partner only accepts 1 placement look at that tech RFP that we're going to be sending out to see if your partner likes to do just orie placement for their companion banners
Or if you go to the next slide
Sometimes they ask you for two placements, a placement for the video or audio, and then a placement for the companion banner. Again, your Bl inventory type is your budget.
Channel it is going to be focused on where your budget is coming from and then you'll have a placement for your companion banrier, the placement or format type would be companion banner Bl format type would be video companion banner and then if you have a separate placement for.
The video you wo1Jld have that placement or format type.
B2B video and then the Bl format type would be OOV, skippable or a non skippable mix.
Try to break out skippable versus non skippable. Try to force your publishers to do that.
That will be a new break that they want in ipmm soon enough, so please make sure you're trying to always break it out between skippable ,md non skippable if possible.
That's how you do companion bariners. OK.
So we've talked about how you set up everything at an overall level
We've talked about how we have all these different breaks in our buys..We went into tagging and now we need to make sure you guys understand the creative level setup. So generally with our ads served buys, we have the creativ,eaor's go into creative manager and set.
Thingsup, but anytime it's a one by one, it's on us.
To set up the creative level. So first and foremost thishappensalotwithemails.
So Carly, if you go to the next 1, so it's super important that you understand the difference between custom versus newsletter emails.
A custom e-mail is when the entire e-mail has our content right?
There's no other content in that e-mail besides our e-mail.
We come up with a subject line we come up with everything in there.
Your Bl format type can be triggered. E-mail it could be custom e-mail.
It's you're gonna see a custom drop down list.
First, based off of what you put at that budget level.
So then your Bl format type is gonna give you a list of dtfferent types of emails. but a triggered e-mail is also referred to as a custom e-mail. And then your placement or format type would be CMEL which stands for custom e-mail and then this.
Difference Is new:;:letlers. right?
Newsletters are we also refer to them as banner emails?
11'.sjustabannerwithinane-mail.
The rest of the content is the publishers, so or it could be.
Even, maybe even our competitors..
Who knows, but the rest of the e-mail is not just our content.


Bl format type is gonna be newsletter or could be newsletter with display depends on what you selected at that Bl inventory type or that Channel level and then this is Just what we're putting down

Subchannel and then your placement or format type would be bmel which woLJld be your banner e-mail
Here are our setup rules for one by one.
First you need to have packages tor each of your emails, so yoLJwant to make sure that you have a separate package for your e-mail tactics. If you have an e-mail comp<Jnent that runs in different months than your other components of your buy, you'll need lo create a.
Separ:ite package for those emails as well Tie them together like a billing line it€m. Plac€m€nts 1 placement per e-mai1send.
So you cannot have multiple placements per e­ mail.
The data comes back incorrectly. The NPI data comes back incorrectly if you have multiple placements.
So if you have like 3 banners going into a newsletter, you still are going lo have one placem€nt €Ven though you have three separate banners, 1 placement you break out the sizes at thecreativelevel
For the fuse ID, make sure you're always filling out that creative 1 by 1 ID.
Field in placement manager, that's where you put the content ID.
That's where you put the MLR ID. You don't have that ID yet.
Put Na but you must go back and fill that out. A lot of our e-mail partners. DMD in particular.
They only want to track our emails using that ID, so make sure that you are filling that out Once you have that information.
If you have multiple fuse IDs in one e-mail. You're gonna break out.
That fuse ID
Those fuse IDs at the creative level So again one placement.
Multiple creatives. And then you're going to see a field in the creative level that's called one by one

It's going to be able to label out exactly what your impression tag is looking at versus all of your different dick lags. So each e-mail action should be indicated at the creative level in that one by one name so we can see exactly what's tagged. Did you tag?
The open was that the call to action was that the PDFyou need to tell us in that one by one name. So we know e:xactly what you tagged with.
Here 1 by1 ne)(!slide.
So if you have a custom e-mail with multiple content ID:.. again at the placement level, do one per e-mail, send. Each custom e-mail should have one placement per e-mail send. If you do have only one content ID, you put that in the one by one creative ID field.
And place a manager at the creative level. This is where you·re telling us exactly what you tagged, right
So you're gonna have an impression tag that's your open for emails. right?
So your 1 by 1 tag name will be open
For your imression tag, any of the click!; within that e-mail need to have a different 1 by 1 tag name, so you can you can select Pi if it's the Pi information PDF. it's the PDF you're tagging CTA If it's a call to action, your creative type will.
Be tracking and then your si2e is just going to be one by one across the board 'cause this is a custom e-mail.
You want to go to the ne:,,;t slide.
Newsletters make sure that you're again only doing 1 placement per e-mail send
Do not create a separate packet placement for each creative within the e-mail. The dimension size should only be 1 by 1. The actual size of the creative is at the creative level.
So going to the creative side of things, the impression tag again 1 by 1 tag name isgoing to be open Creative type is going to be tracking, tracking. Your creative stze isgoing to be 1 by 1 because.
It's the open of your e-mail within the e-mail. Each click tag is gonna be each of your separate banners within that newsletter.
So let's say we had a banner that was Melanoma. one that was long one that was RCC You would have in there. The one by one tag name is image becauseitisjustanimage.
It'sjust a banner that we are putting within that e­ mail.
The creative type is static
It's a static banner within that e-mail and then cre3tea sizeastheactualcreativesize.
Of that banner. making 5llre that you're putting downthecreativeagencytoo.
So we know e:xactly who is building out that creative for us that we're putting within the newsletter.
So Carly, do you want to open the one by one builder and show them where they can find this information?

CarlyFis.h,,r 1:25:d4
Yep, ifs just opening right now. Yeah
Also oh sorry, I'm just gonna flag too that there is.


JacquelineDerron 1:25:53


CnlyF!mer 1:25:59
A file ttiat gets updated by ttie Media tec:11 team and otlier teams as well. So anytime you need to build out a one by one, I would recommend going into this link and downloading the document from
h: : ifthereare  '.:ttiat V{:r:	the


By one tracker, it won't neces..sarily be reflected in the versK>n that you downloaded.
From whenever we downloaded your last versK>n. That I can.
Open itup
So you would just fill it out the way tliat you typically.
Would for any.
Creative. So you would do the brands, the campaign type and then for the creative message thisis.
The like free form space.
So ttiere's no drop down that you need to include here, but you should be using the creative message that is being used for the e-mail. So if this

Like an Impression tracker for example. you would just put impression tracker if it was an image you could put

JacquelineDenOf'I 1:27:10
Wait. sorry, sorry, that's not right.



Emmett.sorry.


J;,cquelineDNTon 1:27:12
So the creative message.


CarlyFisher 1:27:12
Oh.sorry.


JM<ju.. lineDenOf'I 1:27:14
The creative message, if it is the impression tracker, try to make it the subject line of the e-mail if possible. tfyou know it for the the creati\/e message for the Impression tracker.

CarlyFisher 1:27:28
OK
Yeah. So and for supplier, you would choose. The supplier.
The e-mail is I'll just use Medscape for example and then for the unique creative ID fuse code you would Just drop in the fuse code that was included in the link matrix. Again. If you have multiple fuse codes in an e-mail, you would need to make a separ.
Creative for each of those fuse code.s.
So just for ex.ample, I'm just gonna do that and then the expiration date.
Thi5 should come in the brief form from ?st, so you shouJd include.
Any of or. I guess there should be one expiration date for the e-mail and make sure you·re including that here as well so I canjust put it up tiere and then mntent topic is a drop down and you will need to get this information from the A
So you cannot traffic a one by one unless the AOR confirms or I shouldn't say wtiat you can traffic.
One by oil€, creative that we are generating unless we have the AOR confirm whatever tliis content topic needs to be.
So you would select wtilchever topic the AOR as.signs and then for the one by one tag name ID.
This is where you would select for the impression tracker if it was at open, or if it was.
Then or PDF or just a banner? You would select wtiichever 1.
CTA would be for like the dick tags so I can select one as an example and then
Tlie creative agency will be whatever agency you're workingwitti.
And then
I did notice in here that in this version the creative type, the only option that we have is tracking.
I know Jackie just went over that
That there are multiple ones ttiat we can use, so
this might need to be edited in the actual.


Jitcqu.. lineDenon 129:21
Y=
Julia. let"smakeanote of that. Weshouldupdatethattohavestatic,right? So tracking is going to be anytime.
lt'sjust.
Like a Impression or click.



So.


McquelineDNTon 1:29,36
But if it"s like an actual static banner, that's when
we want to put down static there.

Ju!lil John on 1:29:38
Good.
Yeah, let"s.
Yeah, let"s let's connect on that after that, because I know ifs gone back and forth. Actually it used to, yeah.

Jacqu lineDenOf'I 1:29:51
Or if between the two.


Please can you?


Julia John on 1:29:53
And we were, well, we can.
Yeah, we can take ttiat offline, but yeah, we'll updateittomakesureit's..yeah

J1tcquclinr Derron 1:29:56
Let'stakethatoffline.


Cnlvf!S-her 1:29:57
Let's take a look at Yeah, -·11figure It out

J;ocqu.,lineDNTon 1:29:57
Yeah, we'll figure out which one it should be.


C1trlvFi:i.hcr 1:29:59 Which one it should be?

JuliaJohn on 1:30:01 Cool. Than!,;you.

CarlyFisher 1:10:03
And then for creative size. if it isJust a rustom e­ mail, you could put one by one. If it is for like a banner ttiat"s being served in an e-mait you could put ttie banner stze that's being served in the e­ mail.
And then once you have all of these drop downs and fields filled out it should generate a name that you can copy directly into the traffic workbook.
lfit Doesn't it?
Could just be because over here there could be an issue with the formula.
So it looks like ifs coming from. Yeah.
The COM isan R coming from the creati'K' thought. I didn't put a creati'K' message, that's why.
So I'll Just put I'll just use example for right now. And then it looks like it's coming from the fuse. Code so it looks lilce it's just using the wrong.
Cell there
So.
OK.I might.
This migtit be more of a technical OK.here it is.
So you would just copy over the creative name and just drop ttiis right in the traffic workbook and then you would follow the same process for however many placements you need.
Or. sorry. not placements creatives you need based on the number of fuse codes that are provided for the same e-mail.

Jacqueline Derron 1:31:'i<l
Great. And last but not least is our super super custom programs.
So don't break the bani::here.
Don't try to over customize this out. The Media tech team can only accept one one by one and onecreativeassetforthem.
So there should be very few and far between h€re. You're just gonna do 1 cu tom.
Tag name and then the creative type as well. Will just be tracking so.
This j5 for your super super custom programs.
We're not trying to do different tags for every single button that they've created for you guys. It's just one placement and one creative here.
a.
Thafs the end of the training
Do you wanna go back to the next step? Slide Carly.
That's the very beginning. Oh. there we go. Go back. Keep going.
The one that says next steps That one. OK.
So guys neict steps now that you've been trained. OK. we'll send out this recording.
But you need to go and update 2025 placement manager again. Arrt of these metadata fields you can put in. You can update after launch anytime just in place manager.
0 you're going to 1Jpdate your Bl invenlmy type or your budget channel lo becorrect and matching what you have in your smartsheets.
Same for your tactic name. You're going to update your Bl format type. Pay attention to breal::.ing out custom emails versu newsletters here.
Pay attention to podcast vs streaming audio here. Then you're going to also go and update your 202SPrisma plan units.
Again. all buys need plan units and we need that flighting to be acronym.
Oh, excuse me. Accurate for all of 202S for flighting ·cause.
Thafs tiow we distribute spend for ttie year. right?
So we need those plan units in there so that we 1::.now exactly when things are live and we can distribute the spend.
You're gonna update any of your 2024 and 202S?
Do not use buys as if they were billing line items. So connect the two together with thal Prisma pack.age ID l"-0 we know what the old names are versus the new names and we can combine the spend together.
And then there will be a link for your Marcel training.
You will need to pass that Marcel training. It is based specifically on this training and we've added we have very specific q1Jestions in there based off

some ot the previous issues weve had with the data which we've highlighted in this deck.
Please, please, please reach out ifyou have any questions.
We are here to help.
The hard deadline will be by the end. Of next week.
Wee!::by the 13th you will need to have completed allfourofthe:1-e steps,
Any other questions?

Vuliya Karpovikh 1:15:10
lhaveone
Ifs not necessarily specific about the next steps, umm, but in general for when teams have to request new values for the data dictionary, who is responsible for submitting for master brand and indication 'cause? I know product goes through client OPS so like which team should b€ doing brand?

JM<ju.. lineDe,mn 1:15,14
Sure.
Mm hmm.

VuliyaKarpovitch 1:15:31
Indication.

Jacqu.elinl'D,erron 1:35:12
It's part of the product feeldrop down. so it should be on client OPS to also select the master brand and the indication Ciluse the parent child relationship.
So for every Prisma product name we get a master brand and we get an indication.
So those should be submitted by the client OPS team with our new process.

VuliyaKarpovitch 1:15:55
Gotil
OK.
Thank you.

J udineDetTon 1:35:57
Great question.

GabriNleCharles 1:36:00
I also just had another question.

bcqu..lineDetTon 1:36:02
Sure.

Ullbri leCharlcs  1:36:01
For for updating any dnu buys in 2024 is ttiat also needed for like campaigns that we like for brands that we no longer have for 2025.

Jacqu,el1nl'D,erron 1:36:17
Do you have an example?


Entresto

J udineDetTon 1:36:21
Ohno,don'tdoit

GabriNleCharles 1:36:21
OK.amazing. OrorliketapMEK.

J u,,lineDetTon 1:36:26
Don't do it. Yeah. great question.

GabridleCharlcs 1:36:28
Love.OK.
Thank you.

Jacqu.elinl'D,erron 1:36:15
Any others?
I want to spread good news lil::e that. Feels good when I get to be like, yeah, you don't do that
Awesome.
Well. thank you guys.
We'll send out this deck and we'll send out the recording. And then I bel;eve that our PM team, I think Felix will be sending out.
The actual quiz from Marcel to take two. Great
Thank you guys so much.

Vuliy Kupovikh 1:17:11
Ttianlcyou.

[CR.US.Philaddphia.1111ndq,endenccMallEa,tFL6.607.Carvcr)
Thank you.

Jacqu.elinl'D,erron 1:37:14
Talk to you later. Bye.



• 2025 N2 Bootcamp, Financial Operations 2025... ti'- v	fJ Search	?
(Ji)	6lJ Record v  f Upload * Favorite + Playlist	Teamsv

Transcript	X


PITFALLS TO AVOID FOR ACCURATE & TIMELY BILLING
N2 CX Plannm,: Team• r1!$p01'1$ible for main ,n,nr;bud&etcompl1;1nce V1;1 Guidelme. Authonze. .and within Pnsm,/MBOJt

lml)laUOM


Milllln&Jlll"Ml" •nPn1rnaor Pn-•il notported
rpulha:l"]IDMBClil


U.-Clhe1nror'8Cl.prodLJClc:od&l'IJltnncl lf'I "'9,na,llol90,I;




s.,ec-1 i.rn.(m,lntone bilWC, bdlin&, eteJnotwmmi,nicall!ldtaTeien-.


















2025 N2 Bootcamp: TWB, Financial Operations, CX Planning Financial Overview

June 3, 2025 Expires in 114 days • 0 views • SharePoint App • HO • · ·· ) Documents ) Recordings



Download


,P Search

(D Al-generated content may be incorrect

@ ArshdeepKaurstart<!dtram.cript10n	CJ

-TonyParrish  Ct03
We'll go into the traffic workbook and follow up w1ththeCX planning.
Oh, thank you for recording.
And then we're gonna finish it off with the CX planningoverv,ewfor.
Vanous systems and compliance in that issue.
So starting off with the financial overview. Thank you. Welcome.
All to new team members.
This overview 1s not designed to be a how to.
Bu1 rather a guide to help understand the processes we have in place for the Novartis dient
It's designed to highlight why meeting timelines is important and how your role imp s others within the group and how it's all connected.
So we'll go through 1mpllcat1ons when the ball 1s dropped across various scenarios and will also impact other that will also impact other teams or Novart1sd1rectty.
If you have any questions, please put them in the chat and we'll answer eitt1er live or online.!f we have time. If yov need more how to direction trainings.etc.
Are saved onhne box.
We are also happy to help you If you need more. one-on-one assistance andJust to reiterate.
This training 1s being recorded. And yes. a quills will be required.
So what I'll do is introduce you to the rest of the
operations team.
And talk through some of the things that we manage and don't manage.
We'll then move on to why we're here and then the various processes listed in this content slide.
So Chnstma is our client operations lead and resides m the New York office.
On the left side is the compliaflCe and process leads, Larry, who is remote, and Jing, who is also in the New York office.
On the right side are your finaflCial billing leads. myself and Teresa. we're both remote. And then Valeria also wrote works across all functions.
Please keep m mind that any one of us can help you 1f you have questions. issues, etc.
So when we talk about financial and compliance. This is what we're looking.
This is what we're referring to. So looking through the list financially, we oversee the budget authorizations, but also we ensure that compliance is based on the group or Novartis requirements.
Our team is responsible for monthly billing and client mvoicing scope worlc development
And audits internal or external.
While we physically don't process partner invoices, we still oversee this and that's why you see e-mail regarding the status of uncleared media twice a
week in your inbo:,c and potentially daily as we closeinonthatdeadline.
We also provide report. budget reporting and work with Starcom and the group finance teams on making sure that the agency gets patd
This 1s our AR management.
Staffing and hours reporting fall on our team as well and we are the gatekeepers to the various systems used and maintain broad e-mai1 distribution lists.
So you can see we're m charge of the guideline planning database, media, ocean. Prisma. access bo:,caccess
Etc.
And then Speaking of the gate. being a gate keeper. the client OPS team 1s responsible for providing access and tracking across the systems used.
irst oftthere's a financial implication. as some systems are a pay peruser.
That's why everyone does not have access to media tools. But more importantly. we need to maintain separation of competrt1ve chents.
So IE Pfizer here. This1sa Novartis.
And publishes group compliance issue and if we're not able to do this. there could be financial penalties for from our clients.
So when you reach out to the client OPS team for new product codes, access etc. Please note the approximate timelines down below these are estimates. so some of the requests could be quicker, but note 1t 1s our goal to give all new hires accesstoplatforms.addthem.
To distribution lists etc. Before or on their first day.
Keep in mind that access to systems depends on your team interactions with those systems like I mentioned.
Not everyone's going to have access to media tools.
Akagu1delmenow.

So what we oops. what we don"t manage but can help redirect is listed here from unlocking buys in Prisma or if you havt>placement manager issues other teams can help and they are listed in this slide.
One item that we can do is help investigate partner invoices with Treasury team, especially if it threatens a campaign. shut off or reporting hold,

We do not want the client involved as the vendor will be vocal and push for the alerting them. so we will help investigate payment l ues.
All right so why are you here? Well. we need your help.
So misrepresentations are ,eading to a growing scrutiny over how we as an N2 manage the financial side of the business. Each team member from PGD to EVP has a specific role and responsibility to ensure proper account management.
Client OPS is here to provide guidance to ensure the financial and compliance side of the business-.
Efficiently and accurately.
But again. we need your help. Access to various systems.
Oh, sorry. Access to various trainings.
That we talked through in this presentation are on box.
So let's dive into the process processes that we're going to go through. We're going to go through The Who, what when, where and why's.. And keep in mind that evt>ryone has a role to play and that other teams are depending specifically on you.
So let'skickitoffwithbarely
Excuse me, billing verification and monthly phasing
So barely in verification is an internal process to ensure alignment between planned and billed dollars.
This is where investment teams give their approval on what is to be billed to Novartis based on their brand's approved campaigns and partner contracts.
And two US bills.
Novartis on estimated spending, which is for the current month and previous month activity. So in this e>Cample we will be billing.
For June. along with January and through May Actualizations..
So what's happening on the day of billing?
Client OPS reviews the investment team ad approved checklist and will reach out if there"s any disconnects between what om report shows and the approved checklist.
To reiterate, OPS must review all channelchecklists by brand.
So that's going to take some time.
And we do have a time limrt on when we can submit billing to resources, and that's by 2:00 PM Eastern Time
So this should be achievable for OPS to check all brand checklists by brand to meet that deadline. If teams are not making chan.ges to.
Lockout
During lockout key issue there.
The approved checklists are based on the latest report.
And checklists are completed by the due date. So This is why we push you all to get things completed and turned if\ because we we also have a time limit.
Lately we"ve been erlending over that time limit bec.mse of last minute issues, but we're here to ask you if you can help us resolve some of those

0 what happens is resources submits billing to Novartis.
Novartis will pay N2 and then Treasury will pay those vendor partners.
And this all happens within a 90 to 120 day process
So to give context if we're billing for June, Novartis will pay N2 in September.
Partners will be paid after this..but only if their invoices are cleared and reconciled by the reconciliation team, and we do not need to rebuild Novartis for missing funds..
So if your Prisma campaign is allocated equally across the entire year and we get an invoice that is higher than that.
Given month, we have to Bill Novartis for additionalfunds and that's going to delay payments to the partners.
So the goalof this is to stay on top and please communK:ate amongst your teams investment to planning, planning, to investment etc.
This ensures accuracy and campaigns are executed correctlywith the partners. If you get this nailed down then we'll have accurate billing to novaris and we'll also have happy partners when they're paid on time.
So let's review the liming and who's responsible forwhenallthisoccurs
So thiscalendarissentduring each billing verifk:ation kk:koffe-mailforthat current month.
This calendar is built out through November, but these monthly tabs are hidden so you can focus on the current month.
December is year end, so that month is shortened limelines and we'll uJxlate that once NEVARTIS provides due dales sometime around late October.
Over November.
But looking at this calendar, it ls color-coded to identify the responsible team and by their specific deadlines.
Any delay on one brand delays the entire portfolio because we OPS cannot move forward with billing


or sending
Media toolsguideline reports to be mapped be-cause we we have to send it as a portfolio.
The due dates are not flexible because we're tl)'ing to achieve the Novartis timelines.
And what we do is we back in from those Novartis timelines to give you timelines to help us achieve the end goal
Anything that you can do ahead of deadlines would be beneficial to you in the long rnn.
So exampte planning clone for the next month flow chart and work through the growth growth case scenarios.
That would be starting on the 24th. Then possibly investment.
Worl< on updating the 202425 items from
yesterday's Prisma project management. Da or sorry.
Data QA boot camp that Jackie led. So anything that you can do now
Would be very helpful.
The next two slides are going to show examples of whatissenttoNovartis.
This information is directly impacted by.
You and what you enter into Prisma, Mbmc or the flowcharts.
These two slides provide who is receiving the direct information and when.
So in thiscase.
We provided the billing receipts reporting tracker.
So last month was May and this calls out all may generated billing.
Now keep in mind this represents May and previous actualizations.
Once a montt1is billed, we do not mal:e adjustments to that previously billed monlh.
So those ad;ustments are reflected in the current month billing
So that's why January thru April is grayed out and we're only showing may.
This is sent to Novartis around the 19th of the month and again Billings are based on estimate dollars for the current month of service.
The next slide
Is guideline planning. aka your Media tools reporting
This data is reviewed by a lot of teams, internal and extemal,listedhere.
The data is used for ipmm mapping and if you're not aware, ipmm stands for integrated promotion mix model and it is internal media mixed model that uses a granular data to statistically determine the impact of media and other promotions driving sales
And ROI.
So the repon is sent to Novartis along with the flowchart around the 19th of the month.
And it is imperative that the planning team is in lock step with the exp and O planning teams on budgets each month.
And also in throwing this out there as a reminder, forecasting for Q 12026 must be done accurately as possible with the op and O approval.
Novartis uses this information for their first hatf forecasting and that"s partly why planning teams are having issues with first half forecast.
Testing as Novartis is using the 2024 forecast of numbers.give or take.
And those were sent through October, November of202S.
Well, 2024 of last year or this year and we were told being under fore-casted is 11ot a good position to be in. So that's possible why there has been issues. So please mal:e sure that you are in lock step with the Novartis plan
Team on budgets..
Now, overall planning team is responsible for maintaining budget compliance.
Via Guideline AKA Media Tools, authorize Prisma Mbox and worl<ing with the investment team to ensure accuracy.
But you know, keep in mind this is not a one way St. or a one way conversation. For those of you all that don't know what one way streets are.
I know silly, but anyway.
So below are some cause and effect issues. We've come up that we've seen come up on the account.
So for example, if a partner is c:omplaining that they haven't received payment, well, that could be due lo the campaign not porting into mbo.x on time for billing.
Or it could be due to the vendor not accepting the 10 on time or it was an agency accepted.
We know that the depot process requires vendors to accept, so please nudge them and mention that this could impact their payment timing.
It could be due to an incorrect input of monthly units or monthly dollars, which creates additional Novartis billing and payment is delayed to the partner because their invoice doesn't match our system
It could also be that there was a launch delay that planning didn't inform the investment team, so now we created a financial complian(e issue for the agency. When we build Novartis, when we weren't supposed to, creating inaccurate dient billing, we do get called out on this.
The client leads will contact OPS and ask us why we build and then we'll have to go through and ask you guys what happened.
Gabby. you have a question?


Gabrir!leChar1 s 17:36
Yep. Hi Tony.


we like submit billing verification on time in the cases of like partne that still haven't accepted the 10 and and we've nudged them, we've called,
we've emailed, is it the priority just in terms of getting it done on?
Time is.
It is the priority just then to agency accept or if. like the cost aligns with llke our media plan.
Everything or should be hold on submitting until
we get that acceptance.

-TonyPilfrish18:12
Iwould say that if you nudge them and they're still not replying, rt.'s on them
They they missed the cut off.
And we just have a delayed payment.



OK.
So in that case.
We like we shouldn't submit then billing verification like we should just continue.

-TonyPaorrish  18:3.4
I yeah. I would
Well. oh. submitting on the billing verification.


oGabridlt:Charles  18:-40
Yeah.


-TonyParrish18:43
• lmeanitisapointintime
A.ad.
0 Gabridlt:Ch.aric,, 18"'6
·cause, we don't wanna delay things for you guys, but we know like, we shouldn't just be agency accepting everything. So.

-TonyParrish18:49
Right
Right. Yeah. We don't want to go outside the depot process ifwe can avoid it.
Andif that partner has not accepted, then we bill without them. and your checklist will not include that partner.

GabrielleCh.arles 19:07
OK


-TonyPaorrish19:08
• If if. however it is a very vocal partner like doximity or someone you \mow that we know will cause

We might need to make an exception.
But I would say use your best judgment on that.


GabrielleCh.arles 19:29
OK
Thank you


-TonyPonish  19:30
Sure.
So I read through some of these examples and just keep in mind that like your annual performance review, N2 receives an annual performance review as well
And our scope depends on our score.
I should say depends on accuracy, communication, delivery, etc.
So that's why rt.'s important to try to be as accurate possible.
Over communicate when possible, etcetera,


TO S&POS what they are and how they tie together.
0 if you're not aware a task order TO is a client approved authorization to contract for working media only.
Investment cannot contract without thisapproval. Once the TO is approved, investment teams can

On a monthly basis. our client OPS team uses the latest or. Sorry, the last approved TO to monitor spend in lnbox Prism.i etc.
lfwe find a brand overage, we will notify your team starting around the 23rd of the month
We do this out of our financial compliance, but also to prevent N 2 showing up on a financial risk audit sent to CFO and team on the 1st of ENery month
So we want to avoid any unnecessary internal audits by publis group and say off that list when possible. So when client OPS reaches out.
We need to investigate and update campaigns to be under the approved TO before the end of the month
I !:::now it's a little daunting
There·s gonna be some teams that say, oh, I'm I'm on par.
Ifs notme.
That's fine, but all other teams please continue as investigating
Client I'm sorry, planning. You can step in and and try to help sort it out as well.
Now keep in mind that investment cannot contract without TO approval and we cannot go over the approved budget amount.
Down below I have an example of the monthly overage report that is sent out so forgive me for pointing out in tackle.pan and halter and and the Palacarsenteam.
This isa 2024ex.ample. So here it just is.


What the example looks like, so for Pal Carson. they had S1.8 million in Ato, but Mbol( showed us as S25,000 over budget.
We don't know wtiy, so we ask:you to help investigate.
It's pretty ea!.J for us to look.at S€arch budget and say no, I'm gonna stop them when we compare it to the authorization.
So digital is a little bit more convoluted and we don't really have insight into why a partner could be over.
So we ask for your help on this. Neosorpurchase orders.
These are for billing purposes only and ha11e a one to one relationship withthel 0.
So for Ato there is apo.
We do not have multiple TOS going to the same billing PO period.
We need to bill correctly to No11artis and the one­ on-one relationship allows ttiis.
We can help with catching011er budget issues. We can help with product code issues.
Etcetera.
Now it is11ery important that planning increases the TO immediately after client approval. Send it to OPS with a corresponding flowchart for internal reV"iew, so that we can get the client to apprm,e this.
Again. this is for the inV"estment team to know what their budgets are, unless it's communicated directlythrougtie-mail.
And the imestment team cannot contract without the approved TL
POS allow client OPS to Bill No.
Of artists for activity related to the T 0
And keep in mind that you do not have to wait to contract with a 11endor if you're missing a PO.
POS are billing only Nowiti5.
Once we recei11e the PO, we reach out to the
planning and investment teams to update their systems, either Guideline Prisma or MBOX, and the majority of the POS are created in January, February
But there's still new c;impaignsthroughout the year, such as market access campaigns. PR campaigns.etc
And haV"iog ttiose TO is constantly updated helps client OPS bill correctly because we're geniog the Poincre.
Ase so that we can bill.
And.
Again, going bad:: to monitoring the T OSand POS, if A to is not increased in a timely manner, then APO cannot be increased and that means we cannot Bill Novartis for actillity.
In the second-half oi the year, this can turn critical for N 2, causing financial risk forthe agency and partner payment delays.
Because if you're out there contracting and apo is not increased.
TO NPO is not increased. We can't bill Novartis Fortheactillity.
Now let's tum to 11endor contracting and payment.
So thisisalifecycfeofa buy after it's contracted and trafficked from a reconciliation 11iew up to partner payment.
You may be looped In to help secure partner invoices or help clear them rf there is a discrepancy between the invoice 11ersus the system.
If it is not resolved in a timely manner, this will result in partner payment delays
Yes
So accurate invoices are processed per payment.
Any accurate in11oices are sent to the acti11ation management and irwestment teams for discrepancy re-solution. Until that 11endor in11oice is accurate or our system is accurate, and again, this may take se11eral attempts causing delayed processing causing delayed payment to the V"endor.
So the client OPS team fields various questions from ttie vendor saying why am I not getting paid.
And it could be due because the system's not in step with the invoice and we have to bill for additional funds to Novartisthatrestartstheclock 90days
So they already waited.
90 days. They can't be paid, so we start another 90 days.
Or it could be 60 days and we have to restart ttie clock so.
Please try to make sure that your invoices and systemsmatcliquickty.
Reach out to partners if you need to, just to make sure that everything isunlocked up.
So.
Next we look behind the curtain on what reconciliations role is in the process.
So they collect help with accurate invoice matching and facilitate approvals of valid invoicesior resources to process.
They confirm roof of performance and delivery witli investment and traffic counterarts they will be able to reconcile digital print and TV in11oices.
And out of home, in11oices are a separate process by the Awq AP Central platform, which we won't get into that right now. But if you ha11e questions.
We can definitely talk about that offline.
And reconciliation communicates with vendors on invoicing.clearance.clearing status.
And they could be having weekly, biweekly or monthlystatuscallswithvendors.
And the reconciliation team can also support entry


Moving on to fulfilling contractual agre€ments.
So Starcom has multiple partner agreements which may include additional discounts to Novartis upon contract c:.ompletion.
So to the right is a list of those vendors that we h<1ve <1greements wrth.
Varying from 2023- up to 2025.
And those terms with those contrncts could include swift invoice processing and payment failure to meet 100% reb<1te goals.
Counts against the N2 team in our ar end performance review, so please be accurate.
Make sure the partner Is in lockstep with your billing and their invoicing, and please prioritize clearing these partner invoices.
What we don"t want to do is, you know. fall short and have a performance review issue
Here I'm trying to outline the milestone partners because they need extra attention as they may have your own loog contracts. But invoicing is only generated periodically through the year.
An example here is doximity.
So in thi5 example, they invoice. I'm sorry, into twice a twice in the contract year and that means Prisma needs to have a billing line for June and a billing line for October.
To complete the $385,000 contract.
All other months in Prisma are to be $0.00
Billing lines do not let the system auto populate the dollars.
Failure to do this leads to payment delays and campaign holds or reporting holds.
Andy has threatened to tell N2 if their payment is delayed. so trying to avoid, you know, client involvement please relock at any of your milestone partner contracts and please update Prisma as as needed.
Needed because again, some of these partners will threaten to hold back
Reporting will threaten to go to Novartis etc.
So you !::now, just please be very diligent on loading those contracts.
And Speaking of contracts critical item that we want to avoid with.
The inspection orders is inputting a note that says paywithin*'days.
So looking at this example, you can see in the red there what was on a 2024, I believe insertion order.
This puts Starcom slash PHM in a financial risk.
Payment terms are already in the 10, so please don't jeopardize this by inputting a note lil::e this. If the p;irtner is being difficult loop in your ad director
So within this example.
The statement puts the agency in financial liability because we have sequential liability ctause in those payment terms.
The sequential liability clause is the agency's protection, as it states that we cannot pay a partner until we have client funds.
And according to this statement the agency must pay SG0.00 following the receipt of invoice.
We do not have any recourse and we need to p;iy out of pocket if this was escalated.
Bythatpartner.
So.
Please avoid inpu1ting notes like this if you need to put a payment schedule, that's fine
You know, wrth this example. You know 33% at signing launch. Halfway mark.
That's fine, but know that there is no pay at signing
It is following the 90 day payment process terms, so even though.ximity or whomever this is says oh it's33-%.
Don't Do:xat signing
No, It's payment following the 90 day terms. No. here·s just a iew other items that we want to avoid when it when possible.
I mentioned the 90 day payment terms for Novartis.
Well,thatisbetweenusinternally.
We need to avoid discussing those with any vendor because this is a Novartis request that we need to honor. If a vendor pushes, you 1::now, why are you extending the dates, etc etc.
Escalate to your ad or director and hopefully they can step in and help.
Calm that. Partner's nerves.
Any deviation from spending all 202.5 funds within the fiscal year you must alert client OPS so that we can help guide.
A campaign can cross fiscal year as long as one the campaign started in 2025.
Two, all media spend is loaded and invoiced in 2025 with S0.00 invoices in 2026.
Please mal::e sure that the the vendor follows this invoice structure.
We cannot have any Invoices coming in for 2026 with dollar amounts if the campaign is being paid outofthat2025startyear.
Nowif dollars move between years, then we need to get client involvement, their written approval, and we also have to reach out to procurement to get their approval.
To spend money in 2026 from the 2025 budget.
So therefore, we highly recommend you spend all funds within the rurrent year. It's going to be messy and you're going lo get clients involved and if there i you know a delay in creative.
Of
How can we resolve that without?


11111mg mto the next year.
Tried tried please to push this.. We see this happen in November, December when last minute campaigns come up or something has started and it's not finished so.
Teams are like, oh, even this Novartis team is like, oh, we canjust do this and pay for this in 2026
Well. no. Per your requirement and you know p€r financialcomplianceweneedyou.
We need the procurements team. Approval to do this..
So please push back when you can.
Thelastlhinglwanttomentionispleaseusethe   supplier codes in supplier code list.
Lookup.
This is managed through the contract OPS team.
We've had 50me difficulty paying vendors as their bank accounts were r.ot updated or they changed addresses. so the check was sent to the wrong address.
It it doesn't happened often, but please continue checking to make sure that you're using their right supplier code.
And if new campaigns are needed, please make sure that old campaigns are i.eroed out and a do not use is added to the estimate 50 that this will not be used in future campaigns.
I think Jackie kind of covered that. Do not use instan(eyesterdaybut.
This is also why it helps us. Alright.clearing deadlines. Thisisafunone.
So there's a reason or a few rea50n, why this is
important as it impacts all dienls at New Publicis. Ifs notaNovartis thing. Ifs everyone.
And so the Publicis Media Tax Department has mandated platform tax emissions are receWed by the tax department no later than six moriths post a month of service.
In order to clear those platform taxes, however, all working media must be cleared in Prisma mbox within.
Four months.
So we will likely need your help.
Why? Well. this minimizes the risk of late payments or interest or penalties levied by partners or even the clients..
Client OPS sends an uncleared report to Novartis ona quarterly basis.
We must show tt1at the last six months are cleared.
So that's why you know OPS generatesuncleared media reports twice a week or even daily.
In your inbox to helpdear before those deadlines.
You know. it requires a lot of additional hours spent clearing by other teams when there are discrepancies..
So again, please enter items into the inbox or billing.
For well for Prisma Inbox et a.-tera. So that we can generate clean billing and we can make sure that those invoices are processed quickly.
Thi.sis a group effort,.so please prioritize.
You can reference the open rtems report and input comments so the reconciliation team can clear.
That"s why they send rt out every Monday so that they can keep you updated. It is important.
Please don't blow it off and you will likely be looped into the help clear anyway.
So let's be proactive when you can.
Implications of not clearing on lime may result in partnering
Payment delays
And In e:ctremecase it is in our contract ttiatwe could be penalized by Novartis, where they need to, where we need to return the virus payment until the issue is resolved and then rebill Novartis.
Again, that restarts the 90 day process and we want to avoid that.
So the delay will be flagged.
You know the relative teams at Google Group, which opens up into two investigations process improvements
We don"t want that.
So you know. again, This is why we ask for your help in clearing.
All right fun times again, taxable vendors and platform taxes.
So there's more training on this. I'm just covering


But vendors listed here will have a tax appended to their billing which needs to be induded in budget estimating and input into mbox Prisma for budget tracking and billing.
So not accounting for these taxes will put your brand over budget at the end of the year.
Please review these now.
For existing bias and know every time you make a budget increase, please make sure your Y you account for these.
Here's2024 list Here"s202.5 list
If you have questions you know, reach out to Andy's team and they can help.
Platform tax isagain if you have any questions.. please reach out to Andy's team.
They have a calculator, all that good stuff.
So a quick definition, if you don't know this is software platforms where publishers incurs fees for seats. licenses. usage of software as a software platform on behalf of client investment.
So below are some primary examples
And these platform taxes must be estimated for budget planning.
Broken out in the authorized TO and flowchart.


To be input for digital campaigns where applicable
Not accounting for this will put your quarterly and or year eod spend over the TO amount creating billing issues.
Then if that is happening, planning must admit the spend. Failure to Novartis and we ask for approval tocoverttiis.
So please be proactive witti this
We don't want to get into a situation where we have to ask Novartis
Oh. we went over budget by S30.000 be.:ause we didn't include platform taxes.
That'sathat"samajorhit
And again. like our performance review. we will be dinged on this.
So please keep this updated as as much as you can please.
We're in U1e homestretch. so gocxl timing
Special billing. Again, like I said before. there is more detailed training on box.
On the 2025 Innovative Medicines Folder training folder, client OPStraining folder similar to other trainings from today's Oroo.
And one thing to know on this slide is ttiat special billing is that it takes a minimum of 3530 to 45 calendar days for expedited payment from Novartis 2:00 and 2:00 so that we can pay a partner and thafs what special billing is we need
To have approval
To ask for expedited payment outside of those 90 day term I'll get into more of that in the next slide, butjustknowthat.
The 35 to 4530 to 45 to calendar days for e)(pedited payment we've been experiencing longer lead times in 2025, So if you have a partner that.
Is needing speckll payment terms.
Please loop Klein OPS team in as soon as possible. We need to be at the vel)' start of this conversation so we understand what"s happening and can advise.
Within this flowchart each step of ttie approval flow is color-coded to identify who is responsible from start to finish and what is needed,
Planning starts precess with the proposal or it could be investment that starts the with the proposal. but again involve client OPS as soon as you can.
Overall, ttiere really isn"t a difference in the steps or who"s involved.
It's just a very condensed tlmeline for everyone, and there"s a lot of eyes watching this.
Meaning Novartis
So diving into special billing. So this is when.
A partner needs a fast payment to secure inventory. cover upfront production fees.
Or they need to keep the lights on for their smaller organization or nonprofit.
Instead of Novartis paying the standard 90 day payment term we request e)(pedited payment from Novarfo ..
Yes
And or rebill activity occurring to a future month occurring in a future month to ensure p;iyment is received before the partner's due date.
Like I mentioned pre\liously. check out the full process on box training.
Now I mentioned that client involvement is heightened, so please prioritize and be accurate. These partners likely have a dose tie with Novartis.
so they will be vocal.
I've already mentioned the same teams are involved, but the timeline is condensed investment or planning must work with a partner to secure the invoice and make sure ifs accurate and you know. aligns with what we input into the system.
Then please send that over to the reconcil tion


To dear and reconcile with urgency.
What we want to do is when the Novartis payment arrives, we need to quickly have Treasury pay

So the invoice must be ready to go
It needs to be cleared and showing up for the Treasuryteaminthereporting.
Some items that we need your special attention
New, separate estimates from normal campaigns must be created or in Novartis will reject our invoice causing payment delay. This could cause possibly
Inventory loss if the if we breach that contract etc


So keep pushing this process forward So we don't run into lestodelays.
That could jeopardize losing placements. You know.
And we don't want to lose partner patients. We
don't want them getting vardas involved.
So if you do have a special billing process, please keep pushing it forward. And again, this isjust a condensed timeline, but we need to make sure that everything keeps moving forward as quickly as

With this proce:.S, we've had some issues in the past, so any delay in the start can impact back end fulfillment.
Client vacations are a hazard since we don't know when they are going to take them,
So if you have something,.send it to us.
We can get it in their hands and hopefully they're not on vacation.
Act early and quk:kly if you're waiting for inventory to be allocated to certain brands or building the campaign is delayed in the system.
Or the partner is slow on getting the inventol)'


need to work with a partner to push back their paymenttimelines.
Now one of the other things Is to make sure that thevendorissetupinthe system and their payment remittance information is correct I mentioned you know check that their billing address is correct. If we pay them by check:or their banking instatement or information is.
You know. in lockstep with what we have in the system, we don't want to have additional dela,'5- Mak:e sure you choose the right vendor when
impleningyourbuy.
Again, double check their information as a safety net
If there is a new partner, please secure the necessary paperwork from the partner.
So here W 9S bank statements etc. Makesurethattheirinvoices are accurate, separated by br.md, by channel by month. If it is
for a future month like December, the invoice
should say month of service as December because what we're going to do on our end is put input the buyinPrisma lnbox as.
D..>oember month of service because we want to show when the media ran and it has to be in Deoember so.
Re:s.ources will be able to match the invoice to the buy in the system.
Butagain,lasttime!'msayingthis.anyspecial  billing activity must be on its own estimate.
It has to be away from the.
Normal billing that we do on a day-to-day, no other media can be on this estimate and we cannot reuse past estimates.
OK.
Thank you for your attention and Please note there are live training sessions coming up or there are previous recordings rf you need additional information. we're going to have office hours for billing verifications and guidelines slash media tools.
Here are some of those dates for upcoming live sessions and you know if you have a quick: question, we're here to help when we can.
So please reach out to us. And hopefully we can help. Are you?
Does anyone have questions?
I know I went through this pretty fast and it was more of an overview, but you know, we're we're here to help. If there's no questions.
Thank you for your time.
 And I'm not sure if Launm Heverly is available to tart her presentation

LaurN! He ,.,ly 49:16
Yep. I'm on lean takeover Thanks Tony.

-TonyPMl'ish49:18
OK.great

laurN1H,..,..,1y 49-25
Up my screen quickly.


-TonyPonish  49:27
• If you can stop the recording.
That way we can have this session and then we can start a new recording.

@  l.auren ve,ly toppedtr;m:.cription
