
• Monthly Reporting Process - Data EnablemenL If, -v	JJ Search
6'lJ Record v  T Upload * Favorite + Playlist	iiiJ Teams v




DMA TO NATIONAL DATA - SNOWFLAKE TO UI COMPARISON


Transcript	X

Dow11foad


q  Search

Trr cnptI


All team members should have access to pull National and OMA impression and click delivery.


Step 1: Generate UI Reports from each Platform and Upload to Box
• You can follow reporting examples that have bee	uploaded to Box to help you create your own version of 1he UI report: hit s-/		mlfoldP.r/284569047972
Step 2: Run queries on the designated Nation	livery Snowflake tables



(J) Al-generated content may b€- 1ncorTect
@  Ra he/Pio15tartedtran..::ripti(rn	I::
9cR.US.Phil.1delphia.1111ndepende-nceMall,fL6.613.Pennington  0:0<1
O<
So I w;:mtcd to t.,ke omc: time to go over our like monthly reporting tasks and like maintenance, ongoing maintenance that we do.

• Instructions on how to run and the queries to us https:/lhon .app.box.com/notes/1646137631394
Step 3: Compare and Compile

led on the Box note file:

This is gonna be just like a general high level like conversation about what? And I'll show you a deck about what we're doing and then.
Youwillbas.icallysetup.
Time to go over the individual points in th,-5

XLOOKUP for Campaign IDs and Placement ID/Ad Group ID to compare bo1h datasets and compile insights for any discrepancies higher than 3% or for any missing data









Monthly Reporting Process - Data Enablement
May 1, 2025 &:piresin 115days • Oviews • SharePointApp • HD • ··• ) Documents > Recordings

document
And so if you don't understand s.omething. don't worry. I'm not expecting you to. like. come away from this and and just start working.
We'll we'll go through
We'll do like individual trainings on on -each like piece ofth buItwant to show you like the invol.,,ementof of the team and what we're doing.
Like you know. on that monthly basis and and how it plays in why it's important so.
Let me jus.t share my screen And then open the deck.
Super happy that we have this deck because we
did not have anything to refere-nce these tasks before.
And now we do so Mak1ngprogres.shere. OK
So just a coupte topic,, overarching topics.
So we'll go through manual reporting, uploads and checks:.
That we that we do.
I think Kyle went through some of these already this morning.
Morning. Then we'll get into the OMA and m1tioMI like comparison that we do between
Our s.riowflake data and the data coming dlrect1y from the platforms. Then we'll go through ongoing maintenance that we do and then we'll tafk about t1d:eting and JIRA best practice; for the team.
So for monthly reporting, basically what is occurring i5 our activation team,. So al! of our search and social teams and programmatic teams, they're responsible for 0A. our dashboard data eV€ry mon1h to ensure that the reporting is accurate compared to the individual Uis that 1hey're WOJlcing in our Analy
Team. So you might hear us refer to them as an 0


Aretypicallythe-termsweuseforthem. They then take
They then review the dashboards and then create individual insights based on those delivery and 1hos<::benchmark:.thatarelocated within the dashboard
So they're basically making stories for the client on how we're performing as an agency
Our team is responsible for en uring that the dashboards populate the necessary data every month, and we perform some overan:hing qa's to help catch any issues that are ocrurring.
A channel or a data stream i sue prior to the k.lckoff that happens with the activation teams.
So every 1st of the month or busine:;.., first business day of the month. you'll see me kind of reach out to e11erybody and say. hey. we're in the April's reporting cyde or like in June, I'll say we're in May'; reporting cycle. You know we have to. Start our monthly task!; too. Ensure that
The that our activation teams can go In and.
OK
So some of the pre monthly reJX]rting tasks that W1"' do. So these are s.ome of the ta sics that we're working on at that start of the month before the­ kickoff happens with our activation teams.
So we M11e a few manual reports and uploads that wedoonthisaccoullt.
So the majority of the data that we get into our dashboard> comes from API connections and bakh file delivery from PUBMEDIA.
Or directly from a dashboard APl's. but not all the data.
We can recei11e those wa are rut the way that we need rt for Novartis.
So we do addrtional manual and automated reporting uploaded directly from the different Uis
So below I listed 1he UI reports that were resJX)nslbteforsoeverymonth 011.
The within the first two business days of each month we upload
Social REACH reports for Meta. Snap,::hat Smipchat and TikTok We upload those to box.
They get ,;ent to databricks and then they're delivered into our dashboard into our dashboard platform
Then we also have a couple reports:s.etupin arch andthey"re delivered daily to our da:s.hOOard platform for specific date ranges.
So we have 5earch impression share we also call it
sov.
Search conversions. search OMA and search

campaign overview all come from automated reporting in SA 360.
So these reports have lo be uploaded and checked wrthin the first two business days o1 each month prior to the data prior month's data set.
So wedo have to check to Se,E-where i1 we're getting like for right now for May between May 1 >t and May lnd, wehave to make sure that we have.
Aprilda1a inDatorama
So social reach uploads. I did have Kyle set up some time to walk through this earlier. so we do have to klg into each platform.
And manually generate the report each month
I know he went over this a little bit. but we can't set up automated reporting.
For REACH, because the ,ocial platforms don't ju,t auto include new accounts.which is really anointing, I asked that que,tion to Kyle.
Yeah, it's so annoying ttiat they Just don"t allow you to do that 1n their platform.
So you have to go in and select everything and the-n rernntherepon.
If you're creating a report for the firi.t time, we have a bunch of previous month examples on box.
So if you for some reason you have to generate thereportyourself,youcan
There's plenty of reports to reference in order to set up, like a new report. For the most part.
You should be able to see reports that other people have created within the social account. but If for some reason you can't and you have to set up one yourself in your own view, you can follow some of the reports on box and I added the box link.
There and you can.
You c.m see the different ones..
You'll need to do both a year to date report and a J}lonthly report in each UJ.
So just a reminder, we can only do this for Vena, SnapchatandTilctok.
Once that is uploaded to box. that's reach data should populate within our dashboard within two days after after upload. It could be soon-er.
We did speed up some of the processes recently.
s.o it might be there sooner. but you'll just need to check.
That we just checked that the social reach reporting is populating for the last month within the dashboard.
So I did take a screenshotofthesocial.
Dashboard. And again we'll go over this more in depth, but when you navigate to the ->ocial dashboard, you should be able to dici<; ?mpaign breach and select the month that you know the most recent month for rt>porting
So I would change this top field to April full month of April and tllen once I do that I should be able to see campaign reach listed here.
lffor some reason some of them say zero, don't worry about it If you see some at least.
Some campaign reach listed there. We shoukl be good to proceed.
You might see a zero because maybe that campaign is not live this month.
That'll be a check that the activation team has to check and alen us about but as long as we see a majority of these fiElds populating. we are good to go. If we s€e zeros across the OO'lrd. something·s wrong. And then we have to look into why.
The reach is and malcing its way to the dashboard
So yeah.
So that's all we have to do there.
We just have to upload and ttien just check that th1:one column is populating for the month of the previous month and we're good.
Confidence that everything show up across the board that doesn't that actually I think it's only happ€ned once and I think it was because.
We like uptoaded the report a little weird into box like I think. like we somebody accidentally tike put it somewhere else instead of the folder it wa connected to.
Typically we see rt. lfitbreaks,it'susually.
Maybe data Brooks went down for the last couple days and we have to get somebody to lil:::e we run th1:process. Kyle had mentioned that wcial like like those monthly ones.. They want usually pretty quick. So and you say it takes two days each time So like if?
There's ,m error then th,1t'5 gonna. Praveena takes it
That almost puts us at 5 days.
Yeah, like right there
So how is there a wayto like have mebody manually push it through forgetting reallyt1tlein trme to update this?
Or Is there something el e we can do on this call? I mean typically
So if there if we have an is.sue and we're like. hey.
we have to do this in the first two business days because we have to do reporting kid:. off, if we're running into an is.sue and we can't solve it. we just we have an alert that let.
Like we have a pro-cess where we notify the team of like you can go in and QA for this month. But ex-ceptforthesethingsrightnowbecausethere's

So it's not like if we are, if we're running into issues with something. we just have to be like proactive In letting the teams know that like, hey. you can QA except for the following and then just letting them know onU! it's fixed, OK.
So yeah.
We've had that happen before in U,e past where like something was broken.
It happem usLJally every month with at least one channel wtiere either something·s broken or we·re


missing data for something. and we just let them know, lik.e this isn't available and we'll let you know as a available. OK. yeah. good question.
OK.cool. Sothat'sitforthesocia1stuff.
And then we're gonna touch base on the search automated reporting
So we and I know Malika. we we tallced about this a little bit the other day and we have to get your access fixed, but Ford?
We have two SA 360 accounts.
We have a PHM 1 called Novartis Oncology and a sarcom Novartis 1 which was actually our legacy Pharma brand.
So there's still accounts 1n Novartis oncology and there's still accounts is starkom Novartis. I think they pretty much try to use the stark.om Novartis 1

But there's legacy stuff. Sointheotheraccount.
Sowithin each account there's five automated
reporting.
Report setup.
They alt have the same exact name.
the only difference is that they say one. says OBU, which stands for oncology business unit.
the others say pbu. which stands for pharma business unit.
It's Just d1fferentlatmg which account legacy account it's it's m. but we have these set up and they run.
On specified cadences. So you'll see it on the side here.
It says schedule format
They're all being delivered dally for specific day ranges. Theonesthatareblankjustmeansit's custom to their custom a ranges.
We Just do a quick reporting check for these to make sure that they're running.
So we Just need to ensure that they run daily into MCI and we'll talk about that a little bit more later. There's going to be a maintenance check for data
streams that somebody will be responsible for. but basically we just need to make sure that they are running.
And at the beginning of the month. we need to mak.e sure similar to the search, the social reach.
We just have to make sure we have conversions and that we have branded is again we sometimes refer to it as SOV for the last month 1n the dashboard. So in the screenshot below, there is a column called conversions and there 1s a column called branded is agam.
Wr, just !1'l4ld to m.ike sure W<i hilvQ d.it.i for majority of the accounts.
We don't have the QA against any specific fields. We don't have to like check to see 1f they match.
That IS all that is the search team's respons1bihty. They need to QA each account against the UI. We justhavetomakesure1hedataisthere.
Soyou'll see that there and then I have a note he-re that you won't see. Brandon is for Bmg in certain instances.
So don't panic if you're like, hey, all the Bmg stuff is blank.
You also won"t see anything. Thereisaauctioninsight
Field here 1f for some reason you bring that field in you will not see any any data for that after 2024 they depreciated that that metric in SA 360.
So just look.Ing for a branded search is and Just looking for conversrons.
Tennis. Thal is the manual upload piece and then we'll talk about the national to OMA monthly companson.
Mata1ika this will be something that you'Uyou'll


This 1s something that Perverb was work.Ing on. We did revise the process a little bit and l know Perva had gone over it with over 1t with you. l"m
goingtohavechatanya.
Do the report for this month and have him walk you through the process again.
With the additional fields that we're pulling in. so he'll set up some time probably on Monday to do that with you in. in real time and he'll show you how he's taking the da1a, how he's using. He's going to show up some time to show you how we.
Use Snowflake and how we how we do !he comparison for this data so that youcan try to you could try to work on it when we get to June.

Madhulika Rawat 1453
OK.
G :: :=: phia.1111ndepe MaM.Fl6.613.Pennington 14:
OK. So for our companson. So what we're doing at the beginning of every month. we are doing a delivery. QA between the different platforms and our snowflake.
So Snowflake ,s kind of housing all of our all of our data that we're ingesting for Novartis for all the platforms.
So we're gonna do a comparison and make sure lhatthere'snocraeydiscrepanciesorthatwe aren'tjustmissingdata.
Entirely.
The checks happen across almost every platform digital platform that we're using.
So we're doing it in campa,gn for campaign manager. We're doing 11 for search SA 360. All of the social platforms. And then we're doing it for the Osps. So for our programmatic platform. And
then we're doing it. we're bringing in the following, comP4ring the following metrics impress.
Clicks.
And spend and for spend. We're only doing it for.

Research. social and programmatic. because those that spend comes directly from the platforms that cost metric comes directly from the platforms, whereas for campaign manager we rely on a differem platform to pull in cost. That platform is Prisma.
So we're just QA ING the data from the different platfonns. I gues.sthe data that we have for those platforms in Snowflake and we are ensuring that all of the discrepancies are less than 3%.
lfthere is a di crepaocy above 3%, we have to look into it.
We might be missing data for a certain date.
We might be missing data for a certain campaign. We might be mis ing data for a certain account ,o
Basically that QA that occurs will give us the insights to then troubleshoot where the Issues occurring.
This one has to be done within the first three
Just so that we can start troubleshooting or let the team know that we need additional time to solve for a specific platform or a specific channel.
Again. we'll ,et up o;orne time to go through this in depth because it is a lot It's a lot to go through today. but there's basically three steps. You'll generat€ reports from each platform and upload it tobmc.
There are directions on box that tell you what like rt you can access the reports in the platform. what those reports are n.imed
Whal you have to do to up update them before you export them out of the platform.
That' all located there and you'll just export those.
You'll updale those reports from each UI you'll upload them in the box, and then there's queries that you'll run in 'Snowflake to generate the data for the platform.
So there's like specific queries for each platform Those are all listed on Sox a II.
So you could jU5t copy and paste into snowflake and just hit run.
And lrll generate the data for you. and then you'll Just compare and compile it.
So you·111think as of date to date, Chartanya and Pur.ra have been doing X lookups based on campaign ID's and placement 1o·s to compare the data sets and then I know chatanya's trying to work on automating this a little bit so that we Don.
Have to do the X lookup and we can just run thi1 in and data Brix.
And then just look at the like figure out where the where the discrepandesare,butuntil then
We'll do the we'll do the Xlookupon it.
So that's all I have for the for that piece. And then while we're doing the the DMA and the national l<2vel checl::s. we're we're also doing this DMA code check. So when you're pulling data at a snowflake, you'll be able lo see if the DMA data that you.
Pulling is showing weird stuff like unknowns or

Nulls,

That if you see that in thal Snowflake generated report, we haYe to update. a DMA file to include AOOO
Just noting that there's no code, ifs basically area code available or OMA code available, because if it says unknown or if it has any other like alpha numerical make up, it kind of breab Novartis's.
Thing that they're doing.
So weju t need to make sure it's all numbers. But again. we'll go through that That'snotasimportantasthe.
A5 this piece, so this is typically done 1st and then we just kind of revisit this data, the DMA data after thetheQAisdone.
So again, we'll talk a little bit more about this as the month progresses.
So that's I'm going to pause h<2re again.
I don't expect you guys to to know any of this, but do you have any general questions .ibout any of these tasks?
OK
All right.cool.
All right, we'll gel into the alerts in the ticketing


So basically we've those are the steps that we need to do before we get to the reporting month
So now
We've done our part.
We have identified we've don€ everything we need to do. We have identified any overarching i5sues with the data
So once we do everything in those first few days. we enter monthly reporting kick off.
Sowetalktotheanalytlcsteam. Weletthemknow
Hey, we haYe done all that we need to do before this monthly report. However, we're having some is.sues with the following data.
So we list out everything that we•re waiting on.
So this is a perfect example that we had in February wh<2re we had a couple issues we and th<2ywer<2allforsocial.
We had an is5ue where we were missing 2 days worth of data so we were w.iiting for that to be resolved.
Then we were waiting for.
Some bacKfills for some accounts thatjust went live, but we didn't have the data yet, so we had reached out to PL. media to be.
Like we need this data and they were taking forever.
So we didn't have that done yet
And then we had an issue with Reddit spend, and we hacf an Issue where somebody had requested a
TilTok m,,.trir in thPir rPnnrtion tn:lt w,,r.nulrln't

get it added yet
So these are the things that we'll note to the team when reporting starts so that they know, OK. I can go m and QA everything else except for sodal social needs to wait
Or 11 it wasn't if it was just us missing a couple different accounts.
They knew, OK. we can go in and QA all the other brands. but we have to wait to QA these brands. So itJustgrvesthema heads up.
So we heads up so we can proceed and not delay the whole reporting like the whole reporting cycle.
So we'll notify them in teams and we'll have a
conversation with them.
We have like a monthly or a weekly call with them. so we'll notify them there as well.
And then once we do that ourA and O team sends out a kick off e-mail.
Totheactivat10nteam.
So they sent an alert out saying. hey, this is our monthly media reporting kickoff.
You are good to start QA ING. But Please note of the following issues and then.
They they'lt just let us let them eve,yone know that they can start where there's no issues.
Once they do that the activation teams get a JIRA ticket
Basically that is like, hey, here's your JIRA ticket nottfymg you that you have a brand that you need AQA for this month.
They'll start their JIRA process with that ticket and if they have any issues while QA the dashboard, they will.
Let us know and they submit a ticket to us. Via Smartsheet. II IS not m JIRA There1sareasonforthat
Yeah.it's.
I know it's convoluted but. We we need a form.
Because they don't give us information.
Well, so we can't just be like send messages or take it because we're not going to get what we require out of them.
So we have them do it through smartshee1 because we can do a form.
It's, I know, people say have to. Yeah, they have to provide the the certain information so.
tt'sa little confusing.
Hopefully we'll get it figured out because 1 know we are t,y1ng to get our JIRA upgraded where we can do a form so we don't even have to worry about that but.
We'lls ifthat.
We'll .see if that happens, but yeah. exactly.
But yeah. so nght now we and I and we'll talk a little bit more about this at the end because there's there's more information about it.
But basically. thinkofitthisway.
Start of the reporting, like if we need something from activation. we're setting them a JIRA ticket.
But if they need something from us, they're sending us a smartsheet ticket.
So it's like we ticket them and JIRA. They ttcket us in spark sheets.
So yeah. So we'll talk a little bit more about that butthey get an e-mail, they get a JIRA ticket.
They know that they can start QA.
Again, as they QA, they'll send us.
If they have issues, they'll send us a the issue via smartsheet and we get we get it m a track like.
This 1s our view, so we will start workmg on it and t,ying to figure it out. And then eve,y Fnday durmg reportmg, we w11! send an e-ma,I out just alerting everybody of any outstanding issues that we have going on from an over, again from a channel level down.
To a ticket level issue. So thts at the bottom is what wesendinane-mail.
I'll fo,ward you guys the e-mail. So you can see it but JUSt kind of.
Like stoplight type of notifications of like. If there's
an no impact to a channel. it's a green dot If there's some channel impact it's a yellow dot and if it's a full channel impact it's a red dot.
So red dot means they can't QA at all
Yellow means they can QA, but Just some stuff 1s messe<:I up and green means they can QA
There's no issues.
And then wherever there's a yellow or red, we will
have to. We'll list out what that what that issue.
Is at the bottom and like what partner it's impacting what's exactly affected the date range of

How like of what's affected and then when we expect it to be resolved. so we send that out evef)' Friday and we Just notify them of any updates and then hopefully by the end of the month. it goes from. Here's a list of issues to everythmg's be-en.
Resolved.
You're you're good.
And reporting should be accurate.
OK. so that is the general kickoff for reporting.
So let me get into the ongoing maintenance stuff that we do.
So.
What we should be domg, but we currently aren't because it's been difficult to do.
It'sJust a couple people, but what we'll start doing is we're going to do daily data stream checks, which basically means in our data, Rama.
So both our Novartis data dashboard and our agency side dashboard, we have data stream set
,p.
They nm automatically every day. Somewhere between.
Everv two hours to twice a dav.


What we just need to do is make sure that they're running, that they continue to run in ttiere
;;.ucce55fullyrunning
Sometimes they breakdown and we don't realize it right away.
And then no arfo;ts i5 lik:e we haven't gotten data from this data stneam in like 4 days and !"m like.
Thafs because ifs been broken.
It's been running and when nobody noticed it, so we just we'll just need to check the data streams to makesurethatthey"rerunning
Sothisislikeit'saprettyslmpletask.
It's just like we need to find the data in the Novartis dashboard.
We would just need to navigate to where the data streams are listed and again we'll go through this more and we'll go through this more in depth at a later time, but we'll just need to go to the Novartis Statarama dashboard. find ttie data streams that start with.
N2 aod make sure that.
All the run statuses show is successful.
Last run date should be in the past the past two day!>. The toggle should be blue for enabled data

And then there's a way to look at the execu1ion history
It should show that the last reports that ranwere successful.
If we see that a data stream has. failed or doe:; not look like it's running properly.
We'll talk with you know, we can.
We'll talk more. but we'll have you open up a JJRA ticket.
And assign it to the manager so we can look into why it's failing.
So that's for the Novartis data, Rama.
We'll want to do the same thing for the N2 datorama.
The only difference is that the feet the data streamsarelabeledalittledifferently,butwewant tocheckallofthe same stuff.
Same exact process.
If there's an issue. we'll o n up and there·s going to be an ongoing JIRA tK:ket and you'll just be able to add a ticket inthere. lfth€reisan issue with a certaindafaslfeam
Yep. So that's that's one of the ongoing tasks.
We also have a social live tracker. So what this Is i5 that this is an e-mail that we get eveiy day, sometimes twice a day.
That it sends an automated response out to our team and the social team. And it says. hey, here's a bunch of accounts that
We see.
Have a start date. current a current or a shrt date.
In the pasL but we have no data forit o we need to get data for these accounts and then it'll also list the number of account for thesoda! team, showing them we have to start date5 here so we can't start monitoring ifwe should have data.
Because we're missing start dates and this is all connected to placement manager, so it"s just pulling information from where they're building out their taxonomy for their campaigns.
Ifs just pulling information out of there to then alert us if, !ilce we should see data or if we
Or ifwe have a start date i5Sue w
lfacampaignshowshere
There's two sections, so they're split out. So the first section is where.
W<:!.haveastartdatebutnodata.
The second section is we have no start date so we can't monitor the first section if the campaign
<>hows here we need to open up a ticket with pub media to get data for the campaign. That basic.ally just means that they've launched.
We didn't realize it and we need lo ask: pub media togetthedataforus.
For the second s€ction. there's no action. Forourteamthatissolelyfor.
Social to let them know that we need start dates
here so that we can start monitoring ttie campaign, That's all of this e-mail does, but ii does it every day in hopes that we can get data again.
The reason why we have to do this is because
,ocial is nuanced.
They don't. They're not efficfl>nt
So, like social doesn't aBow you to like rt. It doesn't allow you to auto select campaigns for reporting. It doesn't allow you to automate.
To get data.
So like, it'sjustthey'reallverynuanced. Sowe kind of have to.
We kind of have to babysit the social campaign a
little bit because the-re's notau1omat:mnttiere.
I'm not going to get into this right now because this is a lot and I don't. This process is a lot, so rm not going to get into thi;, right now
But Malika, you won't have to worry ·about classifications
This this is more.
This i5 a lot of manual work: that occurs, but Andrew this will be
This will end up being your bread and butter so that light reading is set me on some of this ;a,
Yeah. So we'IL we'll talk a little bit more about this, but this is what Kyle has beeri really focused on
And like Jackie and I have all been taught. We've all been talk:ing about this.
This is in rieedofa major cleanup.
Number one. But 11-2. we're also trying to see ifwe

Not do this in the dashboard anymore. If we can move this process out of the dashboard because it creat€5 a whole additional, it creates a whole

add1t1onal process.
But it's not the best platform to do it in and we've we've learned that over the course of like e year is that it's just bulky and it slows down the dashboard platform so.
Cool. So yeah, I'll skip that. Too,andl"llskipthat.
And we'll skip that too.
We'll go over that at a later time as well
O<
Don't be alarmed";it this table.
This table will be your best friend in ttie long run. Basic;illy what I did here Is.
I split out all of th€ channels that we are responsibleforfordal;i.
And I made a number of reference columns s.o you tiave the report channel and then you have where this where the spend is coming
From so rt'II tell you eiractly wtlat. where we·re referencingforcostorforspend, sodigital
We u e Prlsma for any ,:ind of direct campaign and we use the DSP platform for any programmatic campaign for spend for paid search. We get spend from SA 360fmm paid social. We get the from the paid social platform.
So it tells you exactly where we're relying on the source of truth.
For spend and then there is the activities that we care about for each channel.
So these are the activities that we talk about the most, so like impressions, clich, video completions, viewabflity, all of ttiat it'll tell you exactly wh.itwe care about for each ch.innel the

Wlierethatsourceoftruth is for that activity And thenfinallythesnowflaketables.
So the5e are the table5 that you are going to use.
To look up this information.
So this is where like again if you need to ftnd out wh.itdatawe"vecolleded
For digital.
For impressions and clicks for DCM, you're gonna check these tables if you need.
Digital Viewability.
For double verify. you're gonna check this table.
So theu;,"s a lot of tables In snowflake thal you don't need to worry about.
These are going lo be the tabfes that you"re going to be in the most. so and then.
For for paid social is A/C. Note there is a note in this deck that breaks out all of the differem tables because it was just way foo long for social. but thi will be your best friend in the long run.
This is something we dtdn"t have for a l'miie. and Kyle and I were just like.
Where do we referen e this? Where i thi:scoming from?
And we finally nailed it down South. You'll be using thisalot.
OK.Andthenthisisle:s.s.
This is like toshira and smartsheet. And again. we'll we"lldolikeafullmetalika.
We'll talk a little bit more about JIRA and Smarlsheets.
In the long run. we'll get you kind of onboarded with JIRAfirst.
But maybe not
You might end up being on sman sheet.
I'll talk lo jatanya and we'll figure·11 out
But basically we use JIM to track our internal workload.
So you'll see, This is basicallr our dashboard.
Everyone will get access to this link or or to our project and everybody we !rack all of our internal work within JIRA so we create.
Different tickets-either
You lmow you'll create it yourself.
Or your manager will create one for you and it just 1akes you through the different ticket types that there are. So Natalie for you will create !he tickets for you and assign them out so you won't have 10 worry about this. And and Andrew, I know I went
Through this the other day witli you, but basically we·reJl.lSt usl119epics for large projects or ongoing projects and then we're using stories for like those small lasts ortory points within.
A large project
Or an ongoing project and then a subtask. II there's additiollill work that needs to be done within the individual story.
Couple important things about tickets. So we use labels a lot.
So you know, there are a couple labels that we are constantlyu ingforourteam
So we're using mrrent year data enablemenl and then both Novartis and N2 and then just as a reminder that if you have a ticket and you need to leave a comment or you need lo, you know you are, we·re waiting for a response from you.just REM
To.
You know, add a lot of descriptions.
Like more information you include in a ticket comme,nt.
The better attachments are helpful. You know,just be cognil<lnt of the priority of the tid::et. If it's a high priority or if it's a low prionty, you want to do the high pnorrty ones first.
The tickets will have plan start and end date, so on the right tiand side. So when you get a ticket make­ sure to reference when ifs due
Andthenyoujustmakesure.
Is assigned to the proper per=n andthat you're moving in through the differ-ent statuses, but Madelika will go through this a little bit more in


Probably in the next two weeks. And then I'm gonm1 stop there
Because, Malika, you"re not gonna actually be a part of this process, but you're gonna be a part of a differentticketingprocessthatChaitanya handles with the client.
So do you have any questions? I mean, I lmow ifs it's a lot
And again, hkewe'II break ii down step by step, but do you have any additional questions?

MadhulikaRawat 39:08
No, no, but that chart you have shown that a &'!Vior,lwouldsay,
G CR.US.PhiliidelphiiL\1llnd"P"nd"n Mall.Ft6.613.Pfflnington 9:1
Yeah,yeati,def1rntely

MadhulikaRawat 39-.14
Wtiid1have all the tabl-es in it y-eah
G CR.US.Philad...Jphi.a.1111nd"l'enc!enceMa!t.Fl6.613.Pennington g,,
Oh, y1!ah, yeah. I'll send it out
I'll send the stack out so you have ii and then you can save ttiis chart becau!.E' you'll definitely m,ed to reference this.

Madhul,k Rawat 39-25
Ye;iti,definitely.


GCR.US.Philad...Jphi.a.llllnd., nc!N"1Cer,,bH.Fl6.6B.Pen.nington :9:
Also, yeah. And agam like I know I1's a lot and It was probably overwtielming, but again, we'll breal: it down



Good morning
G CR.US.Philadelphia,1\ lndependenceM H.FL6.613.Pennington 9:3
We'll set up a meeting for each Indrt11dual task that
you'll that you'll own and be responsible for.


Madhulika Rawat 3!H9
OK
G CR.US.Phili! phi.a.1111ndep,,nc!N1a,Malln .6B.P.,.,nington
Awesome, All right. Well, thanks. aaromc.:i.


Madhulil:aRawat  39:<10
Benet.
G CR.US.Phi!adrlphi.,,.1111ndepcndena,Ma1!H6.613.Penni"9ton Hove o hove u good one.


M!ldhul<biRawal 39:,15
Oh.soit'sallit'sthen.
G CR.US.Phita phia.1111nd ndN1a,Mall.FL6.6B.PN1nington
Yeah. Yeah,we'redone,



You're gonna.

I'm riot going to have you go through. This p.:irt with us becau .
You're, You're not going to have to wort orion this
ticketonthisparticularpiece



OK


CR.US.Phit,,dNphi.a.1111ndependNlc..Mal1.Fl._6.613.P""nington 4J:)
• OK. Yeah.


Thank. Thank you for that. And but Rachel I do have a one question,
G :.US.Pt.itadeiphia.1111ndependenc:eMatt.FL6.613.Pennington ..!J:J
Yeah


M!ldhulik,,Rawal 40:10
A<.ludlly, I d I< yuu r..ydfl.fing ll,.- M;<,i"lIdlfuom,
which I need to set up. and lhere was some, lwashavingsomeissues.
So you directed me to kale, but Kyle referred me to Pat.
This. That ls why I scheduled a meeting with him and so should I take It? Or should I cancel it because he .:ilready accepted it ,md I don't?
G CR.US.Philiadelphia.1111ndependenc:eMall.R.6.613.Penmngwn -4J:2 Oh.
Yeah,l'msorry.
Thank you for clarifying,
I thought it was for a walicthrough, not for troubleshooting,
So you can still meet with Pat and have him troubleshoot the .:iccess with you.
I'm sorry, I thought it was for like an unknown of ttiedifferent social platforms.



OK.OK.
G CR.US,Phil.lde!phia,llllndependenceMall.FL6,613.Pennington 40::
Yeah, he could keep It.


Madhulil<aRnwal 40:52
So I'111:eep that call because t"m having some trouble.Yeah.OK.

G CR.US.Phil11de!phi.a.llllnd"Pf'rod"1"nttMall.Fl6.6-1J.P nr.iBgton .!J:
Yeah. you could keep e\leMh1ng. Ex.act[y. Yep, Yep
Sorry for the confusion.


MadhullhRawat ,!1:00
No.noproblem,it'sOK.
G CR.US.Philildt'lphia.l\11ndependen Maff,FL6.613.Penningtoo
OK.awesome.



OK.
Thank you. Bye bye. Take care
G CR.US.Phila phia.llllndepefKlen Maff,FL6.613.Pennington
Take care.


MadhullkilRawat 41;{)8
Andrew.
G CR.US.Ph,Wlddphia.l111ndrpendena,MaM.FL6.613.Prnnington 41:
Aye
All right.cool
Well. we'll go through this part.
So because you're this is what you're OK.coot
Soallright.soasl was saying
We ticket acti\lation and injera, and then they ticket us in smartsheet. And this might actually help if I actuallygotoJIRAforthis.
So this is what we were talking about the other day where each.
Each channel has their own reporting dashboard.
So what I've been doing and this islil:::e a little tedious and maybe you can find a way to make this better but.
Basicallye\lerymonth.
On the kickoff day. I've been doing it on the kickoff day because then they get confused.
You know how you know how those teams are?
What I've been doing Is I go into the epic so the epic is pretty much like the parent ticket for each report. like each channel
So I go into here and I go down to where all of the like children stories are linl:ed and I've been just golngtolil:e March.
And I've been opening them off in an incfo,idual window.
And cloning them and mal:lng an April ticket and assigningitbacktottietheleam.
Nice.yeah.
Soit'-;it'stedious. But.
It works. Vou know ifs ifs just it takes like probably I'd say about an hour.
A month.
Just assigning these out.
So if you think of a better way to do it. let me know.
But basically all I dois IJust clone it.
I change it from February or March to April .md then
Ch;mge the the.
Change the due date.and assign it back lo the original.
Person with. So if I open March here. it's a side to Joey. But the original person who owns the ticket is activation
Which would then, for this one Colin.
The reason why it"s done this way is basically what they're doing is we're signing the map a ticl:et and they have a ched:Jist on the right hand side that.
Thelrhey.tikewe'relike. We're queuing this
This IS this is good. Thi'!. 1s good.
Thi'!.is good. Andthenatlheend.
Theyassigntheticketovertoanalyticssothatthey  lcnow analytics knows
Oh, they completed what they needed to.
And then ifs kind of like the bi QA kind of thing where like multiple people own the ticket.
And then analytics will dorethe ticket once they·re done
The insights so.
So yeah. so l"m I'm doing that every month and then
I am then also at the top of eveJYdashboard is a like due date
There's a calendar.
1"11 shoot the calendar over to you. but then l"mjust changing this to may.
This is due by this date in May and that"s it. Just so they have another place to reference it Great news is that they've been really good.
They've been getting better at actually completing the ticket. So like I'm l"ve been impressed.
Ifs only been lik:e a few. Lil:e.
Repeatoffenderr,.
And then I talked with 5wati. who's our project manager this morning and they're gonna they're gonna send out three day before the due date They're gonna pull a JIRA report and send it to us and we•re. We can tell them, OK, send it out to everyone except for.
This person, this per.:.on and this person, like if they have open tickets with us.
And then they"II send out a notification ;.aying like, hey. your ticket aren•t done yet, and then they'll send 11, ttiey"II send it out one more time, three
h .. cinacc ,h,,c h.afnro m..,nthc tn on,I ha·,,.,, 1,1,,,

where's your QA like red alert? Like you haven't completed anything.
Bui it's.it's pretty. lt'spretty.
I feel like a pretty much.
Mimics kind of what we·re doing with like the 81 QAS like, except they're Just going to a dashboard to QA instead of taxonomy to QA so
Yeah. So we doing this and then?
Their QA so I'm going to skip all this because this is literally what we just talked about
And then.
So if they're running into issues with QA so if the,' have this ticket open.
And like they gel to hear. And they're like. oh. I have an issue with Luna tha raising or missing cost
They have to hold onto this ticket until we resolve the issue with them via the smartshe('t
llecausewhatwastiappening1stheywerel1ke blowing through the process and assigning it over to analytics.
Dialy,is was like there's an iss.ue here and I'm like, they're like, I was like, yeah. did they sign the ticket over? And they're like, yeah. tt1ey say he completed it. And I'm like, yeah, but there's an issue. So.
So yeah. so they have to hold onto the ticket but they'll submit the issues
So like basically this is twofold.
It's just like assigning share tickets out to them And then.
And then just checking the smart.sheet and seeing if they're assigning any issues over to us.
Smartsheetispretty.
We're, I think Kyle and I are gonna clean it up a little bit. 'cau e. It's a little outdated. Michael had originally set it up.
Wtiereisit?
They have a form and then they send everything


So thi is what I did lgiveyouaccesstothisyet.

I haven't seen this one. OK.no
OK
So this 1s what Ky1e has been owning for the most part
I'll jump in and handle stuff every once in awhile, but basically when they submit a ticket to us, it signs a ticket ID to it like we don't do anyttiing there.
Michael set that up.
It just tells u whosenttheticketin
We grab the ticket like depending on who is going to work on it and then the description of the issues arealltolheright.
So you'll see like -exactly what the report name is,
thatishavingthei:1.sue.
If it is search or social or display or video.
And then it'll give you a description of th€ Issue.
Can you talce a guess if they're good at describing theissue?
And found.
Please check,
Yeah. So it's and and the screenshots are usually atrodous too.
But but yeah. this is what they sent through to us. And this is IiIce what we'll go ahead and rewlve Wehaveafewstatuses.
Thal we use so when it comes to steroid, it'll be


Then we'll put it in progress as we're working on it lfwe have to send it overto pamedia, we'll soetect that If we send a response bad . we'll just put it that It's pending response from submitter. If we lcnow it's an issue that we are not going
Within this month, mm hmm. We'll just put pending for next report.
Close means that we we finished it Backlogsmeanswecan'tgettoit. ltwillgettoitlater.
Like sometimes th€y ask like this is formatting is.
No. like wait. So we'll put it in backlog, we'll get to it when we get to it.
But yeah. and then with dosed we once we close it. We should only close tickets if it's resolved.
So just check off the resolve button and then there's a couple of resolution updates. So ifwe have to make an update to the dashboard, we'll just check that you can ignore the Excel report that doesn't exist anymore.
Same thing rhere. So we'll take those out.
No optK>ns data refre-:;hjust means pub media like Comedia did had to work on it.
No updates required.
That happens when it's. a user error and then no response.
Sometimes we'll close the ticket out because I just you'll respond to !hem and be like.
Are we either need more? Yeah. theyJust don't.
They just don't get baclc to you, so. So yeah.
So that's pretty much it.
That's just like. that's like the bulk of the process,
11know it"s a lot for one day. but likesicallywe do a couple tasks at the beginning of the month that are manual
We ched:. everything that we can at an overarching levelbelikeistheredatathereforApril?
Is lherenodatathereforApril?
If the data is there like great based on what the what our PGD people do with the QA like all of thalstuff.


You just want to check before they kick off. because if there i:sa. ny type of is:s.ue, we don't want them
Cue it.
Wedon'twantwastetheirt1me.right?
So like we w;mt to let them know, hey, we have XY and Z to figure out but proceed with everythi else.
They start worldng on it They alert us of any issues.
They're supposed to do this wrthin their special
alert us and do their QA within a certain time
frame
Will you help resolve the issues? They finish their QAAOwrites.
Their insights? They send it over to Novartis. You repeat it all again nert month so.
It's a. It's just we've gotten better at it and 1 think the more that Kyle and I have worked on it.
I thin!::we resolved a lot of the we have some pretty big issues last year and I think it just came down to the switching of hands.
Oh, somebody's putting in a ticket
Oh. no. let me take out this clothesline. Oh. oh.
Gar:t


OK let me get out of here No. OK.
I don't know.
Butyeah,!.Ollhinkwehavealotof.
Really big issues last year, but I feel like we've we've kind of figured it out like we had stuff that was lasting like 2-3 months bec,mse like we just
didn't even kll<Jw where to begin
What's the ideal amount of time people would tale it versus what usually happens? Yeah, so.
Ideal would be just like a couple days. OK
The we've had rome issues that have been open
forlilcemonths.
With pub media mostly pubmedia issues, bl.it I can't.
It's lilcewelrd.
Ulce, let me let me say pub media.
Like who ei:actly are you going to? Yeah. let me.
Let me. I'm gonna stop that recording.


, ·,  R8che1Piot'S1opp,e,Jtran;cription
