• Monthly Reach Pull Walldhrough-20250501_2... rf v	fJ Search	
Q	Rec.ord v  "f Upload* Favorite + Playlist	Teamsv





t:::












Monthly Reach Pull Walkthrough
May 1, 2025 Expires in 115 days • 0 views • SharePoint App • HD -	> Documents > Recordings



and spend before reach.
We need to do this manual process.
So that's our Facebook'cause Facebook is usually the biggest one and we usually run the most campaigns on that
So this isFacebook.
As you can see, we just we have a lot of reports in here. So the onlything that you need to look for is reach.
Let'ssee. Wait a minute There we go.
I believe you can just go in ads reporting and doesn't matter what accounts you·re on. rt should have all the reports that we have for allaccounts.
So what you need to do is to go to the reach first of all the reach multiple accounts a month.
Eve-rything should remain the same. There is date range we set up as last month but you know just

So l's tinkering with the report and the date range change
Mal.:e sure that is pointing at last month. especially for the reach
Monthly.
Reach multiple Accounts Month report.
You go in and fir.t of all you select allthe accounts that we have
So madhulika, as I said before, you ship access to at teast 198 addcounts and not 21.
So just double check with that. Press apply.
Then you Just export this and !"II Include a summary row and expon.
While we wait for. That awesome.
Now you save. go back out and we do the same thing for the year to date one.
So we have so in the dashboard we have a monthly view and a usdate view and with REACH data specifically, it needs to be deduplicate.
So that"s why we can"t really do like a for you today. you know. like adding up the recent numbers for every month.
But we have to pull.
That you need that out so this at the year to date level?
You can see we need to put this to April. Update this.
All accounts apply
And then we expon this out. ltmaytakeawhile.
So every readi e.:tracts it needs to be put in here and we also need to make sure that the naming matches what we have for previous monttis.
So let meJust first drop ttie link to this folder in the chat.
I 1mow how to use this properly.
Thi I think this landmass link is also in the JIRA
ticket so you um find it there.
So rigtit now we have Facebook reach.

MadhulikaRawat 4:19
You can.
You can click on that attach symbol over left side
of new.
There's an attached symbol, lnbox itself.
You can send it to. Yeah, you can create a link from here and share.

KykNglJYffi 4:31
This one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think the Linda I sent you also worked.
Some, yeah. Just check once you have acce to that OK. so
There's Facebook. so we Just upload this in And then we make sure that it has the same. So this is the month naming so.
Rename this ttiis 8504. Save and then your date.


OK.
So that's Facebook.
An.y questions so far about Facebook?

MitdhulikaRaw.at 5:26
Yeah,Justonequestion.
We are downloading the same file for a different date range, right?

KyfllNguyen 5:3]
Yes, basically, make sure it's Just the same thing like you can like go into the this one and just you l:J1ow kinda lil::e spot. Check it to see if it's pulling in the right data or11ot.
Becau,e. you know. make sure the date range is


But yeah. it'sJust the same format same file, same,
same columns, ju.st different date range.
OK.cool.
K.
Moving on to Snapchat
But withSnapchatand Til::tol::,it's a little bit more difficult just because we can's really pull data for all

And sometimes we need to go into their Individual accounts and kind of see if an account is active or oot
I've been talking to Rachel to see ifwe can get this data out somewhere else, eittier through Prisma to make this process easier, but as of right now.
Kinda Just spot. Check:eve')' account to see if campaign:sa: re running or not.
So for I know for a fact ttiat for k:isenh. We havebeenrunningitsince50.
For that you go to this account report name right here.
Says reach. Umm
OK. And then do you change the date range? So it must pull monthly first
Mak:e sure that ,Ill the campaigns are being selected
Don't you need to change the dimensions or the metricsandthensaveandexport?
So with Snapchat it doesn't really download the file for you, it just creates.a ne\'1tab.
So from here then you download this file. So what I did before is that OK?
So this is monthly, so you kinda go into each one that you've access to.
And you kinda just do the same thing
Usually for Snapchat you wanna for Reese. You wanna combine data from all accounts into one spot.
So I'm just kinda check:iog to see if there's any campaigns running in April.
Correcting. OK.
Sodearly there's th€re's no campaigns running, so Wf' don't need to wony about that right now. As of right now. we can k:ind of tell whether.
Campaign is running right now because we·ve been pushing to.
The we've been pushing the media teams to kind of rename the account names to match new taxonomy. So as you can see the one is the only one that has the new taxonomy.
Name it usually has the brand name.
The product code, the audience, the campaign branding. the platform and then of ours at the very end. as you can see for the pre. ttie other four ifs followingthattheoldformat.
So we can we we can k:inda invert that. These accounts aren't active.
So with that vre only need to worry about this. Then we can download.
OK. And then this is a matter. So we just cancel go back to center.
Go back to here.
And now we pull year to date.
All the campaigns are being selected. OK. And then we save and export.
OK.awesome. Umm
Yeah
0515,0K.
These two kinda look the same
I'm just gonna rename them in here. OK.delete.
This monthly, so I'll copy this. Go to downloads.
So we did monthly furs. So the test
Change the date and then. This is the Snapehat.
Or then we just upload that for Snapchat.
OK. And then we can I just go in and make sure that ifs correct.
s .
Everything looks good here. Eight impressions.
656596010 and this one should be bigger•


..,  Al>dr-Ryan 11:22
Kyle, what's something here that would stand out to you?
That would mean that this is wrong
Like say there's two line items, but what are? Are there any examples of things you have that like you said? Wait, something's messed up here.
He's gonna have to know.


YmJjust kinda like. Yeah, I think you just kind of check it with like the.
The past month data.
So for example. when it is like, you lmow for year. today the metrics should always be higher than the monthly metrics.
Campaigns it should always like. For example, m!'re in 2025 right now and Andrew. I know you work in media tech.
So like the the year should hopefully be all


... Andrew Ryan 12:02
Yeah


KykNguyen 12:05
Like not all, but like mostly be 25. If it's all 24, it might hint at like. oh. you·ve been pulling in the the old data, so kind ofstufflilce that

;  Al>dr..wRyan Mm hmm. Gotcha.


-- KykN9uyen 1l:1S
Just kinda spot. Check it with with past data. And again.

-. Al>dr..wRyan 12:19



KykNguyen 1l:21
This process is not perfect.
There have been times when weJU!il didn't lmow for for sure, like if the data is correct or nol And thafs something that the media team and the activation teams need lo QA. So the most we can do right now isjust help making sure that the reach
Data is being pulled in and then we can just go from there. If there are any issues.

-.  Mdr..wRyan 12;48
OK. sounds good.

KyleNguyen 12:54
And then last thing is Tiktok?


._ Al>dr-..Ryan 11A5
And you have your robot. I knew it.
I'd catch you.


Kyl Nguyen 11:51
I hate this.
I mean and there's so many times and every time they just ask you for every Kate.
There we go. Thanks.Peace. Thank you. OK.
You should have access to all of this.
So I think from memory I know Cosentyx has stuff Oh. I think the you don't need to do the individual

So that's really good.
So when you go to monthly Tiktok RF, then for reach and frequency,
Yes, lwasrighl
So Tiktok is very similar to matter where you can click,.you can pull reports out for all the accounts doing it individually
So make sure that everything is being selected OK. s€ems to be putting to here.
And then Just look at the date range. choos.e the right one will be April.
And eKport is out and excel format and. That's important.
What?
And then usually it's kinda same thing. All the accounts are selected confirm January to April.
Support export.
Perfect. And then just wanna make sure I'm not missing any stab monthly today or FRF?
OK. good.
Now right here. Changeth€daterange. 04/2
30.
And you to date As I before.
30.


..., Andr-..Ryan 16:45
What's the reason behind the specificity of these naming conventions?

K Nguyen 16.51
,. Good question. So.
That is because on the back end we have.
We use data bricks to collect th data out of box.
And it looks at the file name to categorize which file belongs to what platforms and what is th€ date range for it.

._ Al>dr-..Ryan 17:17
Mm hmm.


--  KykNguyen 17:18
So if it falls like a pattern, so if the pattern is like if it's lil:e an unknown p ttem, or if it's like like a


misspelling or like a letter, that's like a lower case


•• Andrew Ryan 17:28
Right.


l<yleNguyen 17:29
The derricks will not recognize it at aIL and the data will not come through.

•• And,ew Rynn 17:lA
It's intere5ting to me that the dates are like everything's pretty consistent except the dates are touch different in the way they're formatted, and I do you think that's just because like maybe at some .1 developer made it one way and another made it the other or?
Is it some other good reason? OK


l<yl<,Nguyen 17:47
•• Yeah
Yeah, I don't know why the name is like different like. You will assume that like it will be just the 5ame format whkh is different dates in different platforms.

Andrew Ryan 17:55
Yeah.
I know it's not a battle worth fighting, but I'm just curious. I just.


- ,. Kyle Nguyen 18:03
Yeah,we,we.


•• Andrew Ryan 18:03
But I guess I also have another question.
Is any reason why these pla1forms aren't automated to just send it to the box. upload on their own and we can just go in and rename and check them?

KyleNgu)"Nl 18:16
That I have no idea•


..., Mdr.a<JRyan 18:l!l­
Right.


l<yleNguyen 18:19
I think there might be a reason why we can's do it straight from the platforms to to date's.

.. , Andr.a<JRyan 18:27
OK.
But not even data bricks. But just like box right here.you know.

KylllNguyen 18:32
Oh,lthinkfor.
My thing is because some of those accounts, lili:e for example year to date, I don't think. they have an option to send out.
Like that date range•


.. ,  Andr.a<JRyan 18:'iO
Oh,really?OK.


KylcNguycn 18:51
Yeah. I know for Snapchat. Likeasyoucansee.
It doesn't really.
It doem'thave likeaadaterange.
Like a default date range that says you today.


..., As>dr.a<JRyan 1007
Interesting. Well.


--  KylcNguyen 19:11
Or even like monthly. As you can see right here. rt has yesterday last seven days, last 14 days. last 30 days.. but not like previous month for view today.

..., And1.a<JRyan 19-.19
G.


KylcNguyen 19:20
I !mow these these platforms hate us.


.. , Andr.a<JRyan 19-21
_ You dojQu think?

The money they make and how simple that is. It's OK.

-	KyleNgu)"Nl 19-.26
Mm hmm .


...  AndrcwRyan 19:26
I'll go to forgive them. No, I won't No.

KykNguycn 19:31
No, I feel like when these social platforms. when they create these like repons like managers and reportsUl.theyhateus. They hate the marketers
Because I think they°re afraid. Like we actually look deep Into the data
Ifs like. oh. we're not doing as well as we hope you

'i Andr-Ryan 19:45
Yeah, they don't want us to know the truth. Yeah.


"t-' But yeah, so that's basically the process. So Facebook:. is done Snapchat, TikTok, And that should be it
And then when you're done, you. Move this to complete
And then the next day, you look into the.
N2dorama.
So not the one but the N21.
And you can see and you see if REACH is pulling or not and if it is then you·re all set for ttie montti.
l"m JUst gonna create the main one.
And do you know if tf ifs. youjust gonna do this. or you·re gonna do this for next month?

., Andrew Ryan 20-.41
I personally have not been told it will do this next.

KyteNguyen 20-M
OK
No worries. I'm just gonna Just create for now
And we can just cross that bridge when we get there.

... AndrewRyan 20:53 OK

-	K Nguyen 20:56
Yeah,thisisaveryquick process. You can easily do it within a day.
It doesn't take me that long, lo be honest.
It take; me like usually as you can see like within 30minutes.
You can get it done. but it's crucial that we get this done as soon as possible so that the social team has access to the REACH data because the QA process usually happens
I don"t think ifs thefirst day of the month. but usually the 1st.
After like a week they start qaiog and then we start getting tickets about it.
Alld, you know, breach is something that because it's a manual process and If they don't see it they will assume ttiat they haven't.
We have no idea.
We have no data. We start getting bombarded with tickets that
Oh, why don"t we have each data? Soyeah.thatthat"sitforeach.



OK.
So I just wanted to highlight.


•• Ar.dr-NJRyan 21:53 So.



The points. whatever you have told so far. So regarding that we have to download the two files for each partners. right?

K Nguyen 22:05
Yes.

t•,bdhulil<aRawat 22:05
And every file should be in Excel format, not in the CSVone

K Nguyen 22:10
v .

MadhulikaRawat 22:11
Alld then you just upload all those files into the box and that's all.
And we don't have to do anything apart from that. And who are handling all those files.


-	Kyf.,Nguyen 22:16
That"sall it's.



What are they doing?
How they are going into data breaks like so many things are there.


'	KyfeNguyen 22::24
Nope, Nop€. You Just need to make yes, yes. Basically, you just have lo make sure that the data is being pulled correctly. There are no errors.

MadhulikaRawat 22:26
We don't have to take care of that


K Nguyen 22:36
And the naming is similar, so make sure that the naming is the same.
The columns format say the same and then you again check their Rama next day.
To see if the data iscoming in or not.



OK.
So regarding that data, Rama I so don't have access of it and.

Kyt.,Nguyen 22:55
Mm hmm.



      Yeah, I will be need training for that. definitely. "'KyfeNg yen 23:()1


Yes,det1mtely.
Yeah, if you don't have access to the Rama.
And you can alwaysjust ping me or R.lchel and we can take a look at it too,

MMlhulikaR.awat 23:12
So l"m telling you now just please gel with access.


-		KyfcNguycn 2l:1S Oh.yeah.yeah.yeah.yeah. So like you don"t.
Again, this is done for this month. so hopefully by the end of May you will have access to the Rama and there will b€ no issue for you.

MMlhulikaR.awat 23,28
OK. And is there any specific name for this particular task or just and we have to do rt on 1st of every month or second of every month?

KyfcNguycn 21:39
For us. every month or you know if it's the W€ekend and like just the first business day of th€ month need to do this.



OK.


-	KyfcNguyen 23:53
And the name of this has is so. so rich eKtracts right here.

Madhuliko1Rawo1t 23:53
Perfect timing


KyfcNguyen 23:57 There'll be a JIRA ticket. That"s as gned to you,

MadhulikaRaw,1t 24:01 Yes.yes. of course, yes. OK.perfect.
That's all I have.
Nothing else


-	KyfcNguyen 24:09
Sounds good.
Yeah. Are there any questions if there aren't any questions, then there's a perfect timing.
We can end the meeting right now. Yeah,this isa,

MM!huliko1Rawo1t 24:20
Yes.


KyfcNguyen 24:21
This is like a a monthly task. It's very simple.
I don't think it's that difficult to to do, but if you're running into any issues, foel free to ask me or look at this recording and we can solve this together.

-. Al>dr- RyAn 24cl7
Sounds good. Thanks so much, Kyle.


,.  KyfcNguyen 24.40
No worries.
Thanks for joining the meeting. Alright,l"llseeyouonlater.

-. Andr- Ryan 24:42
Signal.


Madhuliko1Rawo1t 2.4:43
Thanlcyou.


.,., Al>dr-Ryan 24M
Yep. Talk to you. Bye


KyfcNguyen 24AS
Bye bye.



Thank you.
Bye bye. Take car€.


@ Madhuliko1Rawo1t toppedtro1nmiption
