• Snowflake Dive-20250507_114219-Meeting Re... ff- v	fJ Search	?
Qi	6'IJ Record v  f Upload * Favorite + Playlist	,fj Team, v




CJ

l::::
"-nal),tics










Snowflake Dive
May7,2025  E.xp1resin120days  • Oviews • SharePointApp •  HD -	> Documents > Recordings


Yes.OK. cool.


RachelPiot 0:25
So hke, yeah. so basically we have our own tables that we share with like we check everything and we have our own tables 1n here that we share that have the data 1n it that we share with Novartis, who then takes our bio like our tables and then.
Makes their own tables out of them, so it's like kind of convoluted but.
It's just what it 1s so.


Andr-Ryan 0:51
Does Bi use well I I made this assumption earlier but does Bl use Snowflake to do their like qbrs and their breakouts?

R.acht,IPiot 0:57 Yeah

•,  Andr-Ryan 0:SS
Are they using something else? ls this just for the client?

R.,,chelPiot 1:00
Yeah. this is just for the client
Our Bl team is only usmg the N2 datarama to make analysis.

Andr-Ryan 1:10
Oh, OK.


R.,,chelPiot 1:10 Yeah.yeah.
So we are trying to get them into the like Novartis side data Rama. because there are some cuts of data nght now that we aren't bringing in to our own data, Rama that exists 1n the other than the side data Rama,
Bu1 that's hke kmd of like a work in progre55 because like.
Likeinmyopin,onlikel like.
I just wanna make sure the data is in the Novartis side
Data Rama. Anything else that happens there 1n my opinion, not our problem.
You know. so OK. so yeah.

•, Andr-Ryan 1:39
OK


R.ad, IPiot 1:43
So this is pretty much like what we do here ts just query QA the data,
And then kinda help us determine where there's like issues. This 1s also our stepping stone,
So hke if we had a brand new?
l.Jke they were using a brand new social platform and pub media has acce55 to the data. We would request them to set up like an API connection or like a batch file load. With that partner we would they would set up tables in redshift and then we woutd
Bas,cally hke ticket engineering to be hke we need to bring this into snowflake,

•, Andr-Ryan 2:24 Mm hmm.

R.achelPiot 2:2-4
So like. that's pretty much our extent of like Snowflake IS JUsl like dictating
l.Jkewhat goes 1n there? Dictate on what?
l.Jke how the data's presenting itself and then.
QA ING it, So when you log in, this is what the page like looks like when you come in he..-e. To be honest with you. I don't use like anything over here.
The only thing that I do 1s I come to create and we·re always gonna use the SQL worksheet
WeJust. that's what we work in.
When you do that. it's gonna open up this like


blank worksheet
And on the side isgonna have a bunch of objects that you can search.
S.o these are basically like where?
Lik.elik.eparentsforthedifferent like data that we're bringing in, we always.
Work in Novartis production. S:o all of the views you'll see
Wlien you come in here, tliere's a bunch of different like children here
Our final view
S.o the view that Novartis gets the view that gets sent like the stuff that gets sent to datarama all lives in bio.
S.o this is like the final product that gets sent out


•• Andrew Ryan 3:48
Wtiat does bio stand for?


Rache! Pio! CVi1
I don't know


•• And Ryan Yeah.



It's like I I have no idea who.


Andrew Ryan 3: 4
It just seems like the wrong label for what it does.

RachelPiot 3:56
I know, I know, I know. I like. I would call this like the live view, but yeah, it's basinilly the live view.

•• And Ryan 4:02
OK.



The Jive view pulls from an INT like layer, which is basically like a staging layer.
S:o this is like kind of the layer that our engineering team works in to make adjustments and then we'll either QA themselves or we're we'll go ask us to QA before they like.

•• And Ryan 4:10
OK.


RachelPiot 4:22
Felt like they they add or push the changes to bio. Don't use information schema
We don't use public.
Then we have RDS. and actual like staging.
S.ometimes. So our our engineering team wor1<:s in INT and then staging. Usually like has like raw kind of tables.
S.o if they've comment it'sjust the data as it's been ingested before, it's been manipulated.
NINT.
And then there's RDS. And RDSis like initial
Ingesting, like the initial stage of it being ingested So typically, if.like the the beginning like the like the
The dev tables are basically in STG and RDS. S.ometimes they're in one, sometimes they're in both.
But the RDS is basically like the redshift in data, where it's supposed to be
Engineers haven't built everything correctly, so there is some stuff that we're getting from redshift that might say ROS on it
So that's why I say like these two are like these two are are like everyone.
Thisislike2A.
And then this is like production.this is live. lfthatmakes:s:ense
But we work in liere.
And then you'll get access to like. You'll probably see a few more other things up here
These are all the external.
Novartis side tables that they share wrth us. So like anything that says EXEin front of it.
Anything that says ext in front of it just means that it'sanenemaltable.
That we're ingesting into snowflakes. so.
So these are some of the tables that Novartis has built on their side and has :s:ent back to us.
And this has to happen a lotwithlikedatathat we're not getting on our side U1<1t we rely on Novartis to send us,
So that would be like Nielsen data and that would be like the PLO data. Do you remember, like me telling you how like everything follows like comes from this way for like the platform data. but for somereasonlikethethe.
Hep data goes to the client 1st and then com€s. So that would be like a case where you'd see like an EST table. If it's something that they're like sharing with us

•• Andrew Ryan 6-:50
Yeati.
Biogen set up like that too. Has to go to the client first

:_ RachelPiot 6:'.i6
Oh.OK. cool.


•• Andrew Ryan 6:58
I remember the huge thorn in their :s:ide.


Yeah, it's still that great on our side, but it'sit's working.
It's just like there's a lot of delays and I'm sending us stuff or delays with the partner, like being 3ble to get into like the system to like upload data causelik:e theirlPS havetobewhitelisted and it's just it's such a pain
Butagain.iswhatitis.
S.o all of the stuff we work in is in like most of the most of the stuff that you're gonna be QA ING. And you're gonna be focused on is bio.
So when you're in here, you'll e tables, used stages and procedures.
We're always gonna use views and so this is what the views like look lil:::e. So 35 you can see. you'll stan recognizing things immediately.
S.o like this is our TM TMA delivery. All of the TMA delivery lives here.
All the floodlight data lives here.
The op's you can ignore for now. Those are just optimized.
Use that Novartis has requested
But Chris had told like our engineering team just told us to continue to using like any of the the like the tables without the OP at the end.
Yeah. Do you ha1,1e a question?


•• Andrrw Ryan 8:12
No, I don't. No.


RaehelPiot 8:14
OK.
S.o the good thing is, is that you c.m kind of poke around in here and see all the tables. but that you're that we're ingesting and sending and and responsible for
There's a lot right but for the most part there's only going to be a few that you're going to need lo focus on.
And again. you can poke around.
S.ee what the other tables are doing, but thisis wlierethat.
That data enablement 1'131that we went over kind of comes in the play
S.o like if you ifwe start looking.
Looking at those spend activities and sources, I
have the snowflake tables that feed datarama.
So these are the like the most important tables to us because these are the ones that get that we're Ingesting into into datarama.

•• Andrrw Ryan
Mm


S.o these are the ones that you're gonna like, end up QA against the most and checking the most. So if you need to look:for one, it becomes pretty easy.
You could just like copy
I think:you coukl copy and p3sle the full name if it comes up
Now. OK. I'll fi}{ this.


•• Andrrw Ryan 9'.23
Too easy.


RachelPiot 9:23
Butyou.
Yeali, you just gotta take it from from bio from B onward.
I guess I hate about. That's the one thing I hate aboutS.nowflak:e.
S.o from the V onward you have to search and then
it'll gi\le you like. As you can see.
There's our bio tables. There's the table that our engineers are like QA lNG and developing in. and then this is the table as we recei1,1ed from redshift
S.o you'll always like QA this.
When you click:the you could pin tliem. but you can only there's like a Max amount of tables that you can pin. which is really annoying.

•• Andrrw Ryan 10:05
What?



Butyou.
Yeali, it's it's crazy.
You go and pin tables, but what you can do is you can use any of the as you can see I have a lot of tabs open up here, but I tiave a reference sheet over here and I just loaded all of the tables that I use the.
Most like in there or if there's like queries that I use the most most ! just put.
Them in the reference table and then copy and paste tliem as I need it and tliey're as needed.
And there·s a couple other ways that you could do that too. but basically you can save your work: without tiaving to constantly rebuild like queries or rebuild like the S.QL for the queries. Once you once you run them so.

a,  Andrew Ryan 10:44
You can make sense of all these tabs you got on lop there, which is the dates.



No. lcan·t. I can't.No


•• Andrrw Ryan 10:49
ButOK,OK.


:_  R.ichelPiot 10:51
Only the ones that actually have the names in iL I can't
lean
I keep the other ones open because I probably ran something that I want to keep, but I haven't had a chance to like move them around yet

•• Andre,11Ryan 11:03
What's your reference sheet look like?



Butyeah,so


•• And Ryan 11,05
Well.is is that personal?
Is that like your own thing?


:_  R.ichelPiot 11:07
No, no, let me see what I have so far.


•• And,--Ry,m 11,09
I wanna see what I'm what I'm going for here.



Yeah, So I have a bunch of queries that I've used for different things and I'm like this. l"m gonna need to use this again.
So like the ipmm was like I had to use this for something so I Just listed it here and J could copy and paste it.
What? What else I can do too, which i what?If there"s, like, there"s a few I've been running quite frequently

•• Andrrw Ryan 11:24
Nice.


R.ichelPiot 11:30
Right now what I've been doing is once I figure it out, I've been.
Once I've been like I ha.d to do a bunch of QA on the same el<'.act tables yesterday and the day before.
Come on. Here we go
What you can do is that OK, I needed to QA this like Reddit situation going on.
So if I need to do that again, I just like come in here and remove the double slash ar.d it makes it live again and any of the double slashes are ignored.

•• And Ryan 12:00
Oh.nice.


:..,_ RilchelPiol 12;01
So like that is a really cool perk because it"s like I can run this and then l"m like. OK.now I need to run this.
S.o like. let me do that and then add the double slashesbacksothatislike really a cool feature
ltsavesalotoftime.
S.o rve been doing that quite frequently.
Butyeah,so basically these.this is what you're gonna run
And then if if you dick on it.
It's gonna bring up all the columns that exist in. The table in that view
We don't always need all the columns, so like. You can
Kind of pick through what you need the most.
It's typically like, you know. advertiser ID, advertiser name, you know the typical soft campaign name, campaign ID.
Impressions. clicks spend like things like that so that you don't have to run eYerything all the lime It becomes like it.
It'll take a while if you start trying to run all the columns. but you could do this so ifthere·s three dots nelCI: to the name and ifs gonna give you the option to place the name in the editor.
S.o that you can run the query you can.
They'll give you the option to copy the name and then you can actually you can Add all the columns into the editor ar.d then delete as needed which help., 'cause like not all. Not all the columns.
And this is the thing that annoys me the most about.
These views Is that different people set them up, so like things that would be standard like impressions. That seems like a standard name, right?
Doesn't always say impressions. Sometimes it says lmpr.
Sometimes it says impres.sions with impression,
like so it's good to lil:e be able to copy them or add them into the editor m you 1:now that, OK, these are el(actly the way it's listed in this table
S.olikeifl click that.
It's gmma do. It's gonna add him el(actly the way you need them, and then you could just delete as you need,


•• Andrew Ryan 13:56
Oh.nice.



The other thing, and we could get a little bit more into this and I'd like this pan a lot but sometimes I need to find out.
What the sources of these tab s are, sometimes these TA tables are missing things that we need.


table,
I use the view definition to backtrack, so if you hit view definition it brings up exactly what it's like pulling in and then ifll show you what it's referencing.
S.o like I can see here that it's bringing all this information in from that INT table
Then I can look at the. I can then go ahead and click on that I NT table vie-w definition and then trace that table back and I could see if llke things are missing like I could see if they forgot to add oneofthemelricsl.
Or we're not pulling in one of the metrics. I can see if if there's an aggregate table of like all the social partners, did they forget to put a partner in ttiere?
So like. that's a really cool feature because it's like it's like easy code reading, you !,;now.

•• Andr-Ryan 15:05
Mm hmm.



But I have to do that quite frequently just to see fil,;e, OK, what could be tiappening with this table ttiat like has it doing something like weird?
But yeah, so if you pull everything in like, you could lit.irallyjustrunthis,
Solikeiflput Select.
All of ttiese and your all your queries will start with select.

•• AndrrwRyan 15:30
OK


R.ichelPiot 15:32:
If I put all of them and then I do from.
You're gonna wanna put !tie table that you're trying to bring this out of so that this is where you could just place the name in the editor
You could literally nm this just just as this like.

• , And Ryan 15:48
S.how everyttiing I mean. Well, in this case you could probably just do like .select asterisks, right?

R.ichelPiot 15:52:
Exactly.b:actly.
Yep. S.O lil::e !lien I can run it.. but it makesit really easy because like I guess that you could just delete out what you don't need exactly. S.o pretty simple.

•• And Ryan 15:59
They can pinpoint. right'
That's a relfef for somebody still learning sequel.
I was like, Oh my God, you know, I'm going ttirough the little courses and I'm I was actually doing sequel bulk before IJumped on and I'm like, this is like,

R.ach Piol 16:07
Yeah


•• Andrew Ryan 16:H
I'm going through these pretty easy, but no when I get to the a real huge data sel
I think. Oh my God. What the hell do I put here?
But this i ni<:e that it lil:::e kind of can populate somethings for you.



I know. V<actly.V<actly.
And we have a few like, there's a few different ones
ttiat you'll use most frequently, and great news is, Is that all we have some e)C3mple sequel like codes ttiat we use frequently for, like the DMA comparison and that UI, the DMA and n.ational data to EU.
Comparison. There·s a whole file unbox that just has nothing but example codes for each table.
Or each view. but you could always like manipulate one of those.
You know too,
And I could show you some of the ones that we use the most frequently, but like I still can't write like I still have trouble with writing.
Like more complex ones, I still have trouble with joins like joining to our lil::e classification table, but great uses is that you have people on the team that can help you with that.
S.olikeChatanyacan help with that. He's really great at creating queries. Kyle.
Knows that Chris Thomas, you have a bunch of people you could be like, Hey, !'m struggling with thisquery. Can you help me out? Andthey'll they'll help you build one out and then great news is you can save it and then manipulate it as you need it.
S.o but yeah. so this is pretty much it
And then what?
I typically you could save like you can get the three dots up here.
You can rename your sheet.
You can rename it by clicking in il You could delete the sheet if you no longer need it.
But if I were to run something.
S.O let me show you really quicl::. Let's go back.
I'm gonna delete that one I'm gonna pull up.
Let's just run thls be this middle quel)' right here.
You're gonna have an account admin bar at th€ lop, and what you're gonna wanna do when you


run them is you should have access to three different warehouse types
It's gom1a defautt to extra small. And it'sgonnatakeforevertorun.
Chris and I are both impatient. so we alwar-; switch our stacks for a large room and running it because most of the like people who would like, we're pretty much only people running stuff in here, so you shouldn't have to impact anybody's work

.,, AndrewRyan 18:39
Wliat?
I don't understand
Wait. wtiat does ttiat mean ttie.



It'sjust the computing like like size of the warehouse. So like if you run the extra small it's gonna like try to compute this like think of it as like limited bandwidth.
S.o I was gonna try to like give you the data that you want but it's gonna try to take up the least amount of processing power to do so.

•• AndrewRyan 19,03
Oh,OK.



And then if you but you want like that's why I asked them to give you medium and eKtra large because like this will take like 15 minutes.
You know, like if you do this one and it's a larger table or a larger set of information. it'll take a couple seconds to a couple minutes
Tops. So .so I always switch it to actual large becausel'mimpatient
And then what you'll do i!. I want to run this will just hit the play button at the top and then you"II see that it's starting to run. If it can't process your query.
If there's something wrong, it'll tell you that there's something wrong.
I'll tell you it can't find a name.
It'll tell you what line it's on, like things like that but it'll process, and then it'll tell you at the at the side like.
OK
Let'stalk1.2 se<;onds. For9.9 Krase
And then it'll Just give you all the information on the side and then if you need to search for something like if you Just want to look al the data in stuff like, you can. If you're looking for something specific like I candick campaign name like you
Click on it and then you can use the search feature tosearchcertainrnlumns.
S.o I can type in like Reddit and then I'll pop all the red. The stuff that had Reddit in tlie name.
This probably a bad example because this is the eyetracker,soit'sa little wonky but
Basically, if you need to, if you run this and you're like, OK. now I want to iust.
You can Just download the results as an Excel file. lt"sso easy.Oh

Andrew Ryan 20:48
Nice.
I think I lost you.
I don't hear you. If you are talking.



You \:now, I just lost you


•• Andrew Ryan 21:06
Nope, you're back. You're back, OK.


R.ichelPiot 21:06
Grab the VPN issue. Yeah. But basically, yeah, you could just download.

•• AndrewRyan 2U0
lfwe·re running things in here like, are we7 Is this just our own personal dashboard?
S.o if I'm running things like, will people see these
changes I'm making right away or?
Just wanna make sure like if I'm messing around I'm not mes.sing with other people's stuff.



Yeah. So it"s not, it"s yeah.
Oh, yeah, no, ymlre not messing with anything like you can manipulate stuff.
It's it will not impact the tables or the views at all.


•• AndrewRyan 2.1S1
OK


R chcl Pio! 21:31
People can see like like one time I ran something and I like was like I can't get this to to run. And he was like, well, what was your query? And I was like, oh. I IXout of the tab and he was able to find wliat

Ran so that was like a little like, oh, that's weird.
Now you can see all the weird mistakes I made


jj AndrewRyan 21'51
Oh. there·s like GitHub commits in here.


Rach I Piot 21: 2 Butyeah.
Yeah, yeah you can.

•• Andr- Ryan 2l:55
Uhoh.


RachelPiot 21:56
So yeah. it's like so people can find the queries that you ran or like the worksheets that you ran, but it doesn"t actually impact any of th€ lik€ tables or the views that are set up yet.

•• And,--Ryan 21:04
OK. And it's also good to know that in case something does happen. ifs always backed up, even though people will see my weird testing



Yeah, exactly.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like you won't like as long as you don't come in. And I had to Just exit off the VPN But as always. you don't come into the definition and !.tart tryiog to change stuff.
You're good.
Like if you're doing stuff in the worksheet. you're fine

•• Andr- Ryan 22:25
OK


RachelPiot 22:.25
ltdoesn'L
It doesn't do anything. Yep


•• And Ryan 22:26
To a\/'Oid definrtions ·cause 11would JUst k>ve to try out some of the SQL stuff I'm trying to learn on like real data sets. but without ruining everything.

Rach IPiot 22:28
Yeah
Yeah, absolutely.
And like I said, you can come here and u e like. Again you can come through that.
The like data€nablement thing that where that we have you can start looking at these different tables and running queries.
There's a like a box link. Umm.
This box link.
Has a bunch of queries that you can like, save or
lest out to or manipulate as you need.
I think some of the ones that and I can just type this in here, but some of the ones I lik€ to be cognizant about, I guess is no, I was hoping I could just write in there.

•• And Ryan 23:27
No


Rach I Piot 23:32
Damn it won't even let me write. OK.but basically, some of the ones that we use the most.
That I think are important that you mow, let"s just write in Excel
S.o after you do like select and you put your either select from or you do your your different like columns that you want to bring in. You're gonna wanna do where
lsactive. Equals one.
S.o we usea zero and one differentiator in.
In Snowflake to determine like an active line item. For the table so that way like if there's any historical stuff or things that were like like like if we
had, you know, old stuff to an old like a placement
that is no longer valid, it doesn't like duplicate and like

•• Andr- Ryan 24:19
OK


RachelPiot 24:33
Inflate numbers and inflate like double up numbers and ttiings like that
S.o where is activ€ equals one is supposed to give you like the cleanest data set of what you're supposed to be expecting in terms of delivery.
Another one is that I use a lot isdate ranges.
S.o, especially if we're doing a backfill for like a Facebook campaign.
I would want to do like select from or the different ttiingsfrom the Facebooktable.
Where. say we had a backfill for April. So I wanna do where you could do.
Like if we"re still In April, you could do greater than equal to and our date.
S.et up like you're gonna wanna do, like
A like a. Oh. my God. Why can't I come with the name of this right now?
Quote No. not a quote. Whatisthat?
Whatever that is. the one. Thank you


Andrew Ryan 25:34
Apostrophe.


R.tic IPiol 25:37
Oh my God. I like Brayden. like, just totally looked at it and went
You forget what?
That is. it's always the year and then a dash the month and then the day.
S.o if you're still in April. you can use wtiere greater than equal to. If you're in May. and you want to just see.
Sorry where?


Like you'll want to do
Date or sometimes it's like start date. You'll just have to see what's what they use in the table.

'"• AndrewRyan 26:07
Mm hmm.


R.ichelPiot 2:6:10
And then another, if you're like in if you're in May, you'll Just want to say a date between.
I know you could do the same thing And write it out of like between.

•• Andrew Ryan 26:21
Yeati.


R.ichelPiot 2:6:22:
Yeati. So those are the ones we use a loL
I use like group by all so ttiat there's not 100 million lines.
Ofdata
Like after tlie query I'llJust do a group by all and thenanotheroneweuseisJust.
S.ome
You'll see it in the hold on. I actually forget ttiis one and I always tiave to look it up in ttie.
Umm.
Yes. So this is the note on on box and you can like. S.crolldown
And you'll see the queries, but we use the sum a
lot.
So, like summing up impressions
Summing up cost, things like that. Here's the start date between these are like tlie ones tlial we use ttiemosl

•• AndrewRyan 27:18
Mm hmm.


R.ichelPiot 27:26
Wtien we get into like ipmm. Can we get a little bit more?
Complicated. We do like, that's when. Like they're doing a lot of joins.
S.o then we ha11e to like try to mirror what they're joining on our end to see ifwe see the same

But for now, like this is pretty much.

'j Andrew Ryan 27:4A
Whatisthesheet?


R chel Pio! 27:4'i
Extens.


•• AndnewRyan 27:46
Wtiat is a sheet l"m looking at rigtit now? Yeah



Yes
Yeati, this is the the OMA and national reporting instructions.

AndrewRyan 27:55
It looks helpful.



Yeati,yeah. yeah
S.o you you"II have this
This is in that this is that link in the. Yeah. yes..this



•• Andrrw Ryan 28:02
Oh OK. The link you referenced earlier. That one. OK.gotcha.

R.ichelPiot 28:05
Yes, sorry. Yep,thereitis.
Yeati, this this will help give you just generalized quenes.
For now. But yeah, we that's what we typically run And.
That"s pretty much the extent of our sno'Nflake usage.
We Just are running queries. If we have something that needs to get brought over into snowflake like I was saying. if we have, if we don't have a table or we need a new table, you and I can work together to determine what we need to pull, pull.
In and then all we do is open up a JIRA ticket with engmeenng.
I ha11e one open right now where let me show you that.
We were ha11ing them update creative manager. I said, oh, I know why I can't see thisone
Since assigned.
To.


•• AndnewRyan 29-29 The call



Umm.
2/3sowe have a table in Snowflake that is like placement manager. AH like growth OS placement manager information that is placement manager and creative manager.
S.o we have a table that'sJust specific for creative and creative
Pivot rt and creative, The only difference between us is our creatl\le table tias the meta data in it but


it's all like
One field and ifsall like coded together and the pivot field. The pivoted table review just breaks out themetadata.
So it has its own column for each like thing selected.
So we needed to make a few updates in this table.
We lil:::e there were some new columns for creative that they added in creative man<1ger.
So I went into Snowflake and I compared it to what
we were bring what?
The table that we have in redshift. which I'll show you at some point, it looks very similar to Snowflake.
lt'sjustalittlebit more.
Not user friendly than Snowflake.
But I'll like if we have change> that need to be made, ('II look at Redshift and I'll compare it to the table or the view that we have is snowflake and the-n l'llbe like, OK.
We're missing thiscolumn. We're missing thiscolumn. We need to bring these in
And then I did the s.ame ttiing where we had a couple new fields in the creative taxonomy metadata that needed to be parsed out and captured in the pivoted table.
And then I had some feedback for them.
So like they made the ad;ustments. I went and looked at the table and there were some issues.
So I like had to go back and flag it but this is like.
This is pretty much what we're doing when we're not queuing data, We're;ust asking for new data sets to be captured
We're just ensuring that they're capturing it.
We're QA and to make sure that it's actually like capturing it correctly.
Before they push it live and before we can get it.
We had to do .something similar recently with Reddit I so again how I was mentioning about.
How I was mentioning about how Reddit does this thing where.
But we had some issues with ingesting Reddit data and how I was showing you how we how to view the definitions of the tables.
I went and QA
We had our DMA table looked accurate compared to the UI and compared to Redshift but.
Our national delivery table looked off.
And when we compared it we noticed that the DMA table delivery matched the national table delivery, which we were like that that's not right.
Shouldn't be happening. Nationals should be


So I went to that view definition in Snowflake. And backtracked to see what table we were using Right. What redshift table we were using to
capture national delivery and realized it was some,
it was like an incorrect table
So I had asked engineering to update the table that they're using and like using from redshift to another table.
And they updated it.
And then we qad it in that I NT view.
And then I told them everything k)oked good. It matched UI.
It matched redshift and then we had them push it live.
So that's that's pretty much what we're doing when it's like table related and not just like making surethatttiedata is there.

•• Andrew Ryan 33:25
Mm hmm.


:.., R.iche!Piot 3-3:.26
Butyeah,we'II work on those
Like together until you get like ad;usted and then you'll start doing that.
But for now just querying data is where is where we wanna get you.
S.o also I'm working on something in this document that also should be able to help you guys immensely.
So I had done like we had put together this table lo show you, hey, if you need to look at this channelforttiis activitylikethisiswherethe snowflake table is like this is the table you're gonna look at.
I'm also doing breaking each and every channel
Down with troubleshooting steps 50 that you guys can be like, OK. we have missing our discrepant datainOCM.
Wtieredolevenstart?
Because we have 50 many different platforms. I find it took me a while to figure out where to start.
You know 'cause,it's 111::ewhere?
Where do I have to check first you know, so I started putting this together to help you guys check the right boxes.
In your process and then like and if like if it's here, then look. if it's not here then look here if it's not here then look here.
So this should be really helpful.
I'm still wor!::ing through it,. but I did digital yesterday
And then this will be something that you can you can reference as well. When when we're getting
tickets that's saying this is off or this is off or this is off or we're missing this so.
Oh yeah.


•• Andrew Ryan 35:06


Yeah, So that's pretty much Snowflake.
11figured this one was going to be kind of like easy.
Like, I don't think easy but fast because it's like we're only using one aspect of it and it's going to be, I feel like I said, I love building out stuff in there and querying it and seeing what comes up.
I have a feeling you're kind of gonna like that too,



•• Andrrw Ryan 3 :28
Mm hmm.
I do too.


Awesome. Yeah.Sothenm!'II.
I set up two meetings to do more datarama like dives. I want to go through what we'll talk about tomorrow Is we'll talk about.
How all these snowflake tables that we're using for these different activity and spend sources, how they feed into the Novartis side, dalarama, how they come through, how we're making sure that they're like getting there correctly.
How we c.an like quickly look at data In the Novartis side, MCI and then how we get data from the Novartis MCI into the N2 MCI?

•• AndrtwRyan36:18
MmH.



So we'll we-'11do that tomorrow and then Friday we'll talk about.
We'll re\llsit Novartis, the N2 side data Rama and some of the nuances

•• Andrrw Ryan 36:.35
All right sound good. Sounds like a plan.

Ra,,helPiot 36:39
Awesome. Any other questions?


.. AndrrwRyan 36:42
So yeah. in Snowflake.isitjustreallysequel?


Rll"h l Piot 36:Mi
That'sit. That'sallwe"reusing.

•• Andrew Ryan 36:47
ls that is it OK?


lw:hdPiot 36:-48
Yep,yeah.


•• Andrrw Ryan 36:5-0
Do you guys use joins at all or is OK? I didn't see any of those and I was like I remember getting to that lesson

Ra,,helPiot 36:52
Yes
Yeah. we do use.


•• AndrrwRyan 36:57
I was like, oh, getting a little more complex in my coursework here, but I just didn't see any on the screen. I was curious.

Ra"helPiot 37:01
Yeah, we use them
We use them to bring the
We use them mostly to bring in our classification So are the classifications that we're doing in the Rama get piped Into Snowflake and they have their
own table? So we will join classification the
classification tables to delivery tables. For the most part.
I'm going to be honest with you. I'm not really going to Join too.
I still don't like totally gel it so I typically.
I think I have one saved in the reference sheet.
That I can send you, but for the most part. I've just been asking like Kyle and Chaitanya. like l'll'e been just saying, hey. guys. can you help me with a )Oin?
I need to join this table to this table using these like couple fields and they'll like help me write it up and then ljList save it so yeah.

•• Andrew Ryan 37:57
Gotcha, OK.



Yeah
Any other questions?


•• Andrrw Ryan 38:05
Not right now.
I'd actually want to know if you want to set up a like a one-on-one, like a weekly meet just

Ra.chelPiot 38:12
Yeah


Andr-Ryan 38:13
I've be-en gathering all kinds of like, random little questions, you know.


RachelPiot 38:16
Yeah.yeah,yeah. I will do that.
I am really bad at setting those up.
I'll sack them.

@ Andrew Ryan 5topped trallSOiption
