• Datorama - Let's Navigate (Pt 2)-20250509_11... rf v	JJ Search
Q	Record v  "f Upload* Favorite + Playlist	<(,Teamsv





t:::











Datorama - Let's Navigate (Pt 2)
May9,2025  Expiresin120days  • Oview:1- • SharePointApp •  HD  •	> Documents > Recording§


We Just like report export all of the data. Out into our end to data Rama
So in our end to data Rama, once you get access. to analyze data connected mix, it looks exactly the same. But the only difference is is if you come to data streams list you're gonna.
You gonna look for?
So there's a couple different ones here. So let's talk about it.
And I actually I think they're just, I didn't need to export.
No need inhere
Oh. NBS feed. OK. so the reports that are coming from the N2 exports that are coming from the Novartis MCI come back into our MCI as NBS feed. So they're all able to NBSfeed and they all share the same like ottier name like digital daily social likethoseallmatcli.
So you can you can line them up as you can :1-ee some of them are actually processing right now.
Once that runs and that data is in here and is successful, then we can actually look at things in the dashboard.
So if we're waiting.
If we're look waiting for an update from the Novartis side, MCI or if we had to make an uJXlate In the snowflake once these run successfully, they'll be reflected in our dashboard.
I think we recently updated all of the feeds and everything to run.
We run so from Snowflake into Novanis data Rama
Those fees are running every two hours. So they are.
They're basically.
They're updated coristantly because we were running into some just like lag is:1-ue:1-b, ut for our side.
Data Rama, we're only exporting twice a day.
We're just doing that because when we did update everything" it was taking hours for like repons to generate in the NOS data. Rama.
So like ifwe tried to like make a report tax for just like an ad hoc report. it was taking like 8 hours to generate.
So we we updated thisone. So it's only pulling from NOS dataama into ours.
Twice a day.
So sometimes if we're making an update.
And it's a ticket that we got from activation saying it's wrong.
In our datarama, we'll usually tell them like we've made the update check check tomorrow to see if you say il Sometimes. like, is there a set time or i:1- itjust like.yeah, itis.
I don't even know exactly Yeali, you know, we do thing:1-.
And I'm like when will I actually :1-ee this?
Yeah, I tliink we·re doing like 7:00 AM. And then like 7:00 PM or something like that.
So so that way we're getting if we are making (hanges throughout that day, we're getting it at night. And then if for some reason it skipped it like like we're making changes even later, we'll get it the next day too, so.
But yeah, so ttiat that's pretty much where everything comes in through and then we will then beabletoseethevisualizeand act
You Will see some fees in here that say. I don't know if it's so
Yeah, you'll see some feeds in here that say social. You'll see some feeds in here that say SEM for. I don't know why they labeled it SEM. but it's for search
We have search engine marketing, yeah.
And then I think there's a few one:1- that say OSP. No.
No
Sstg apparently Yeah,great.Great.
Yeah, great naming, OK.
So the ones that are labeled this.

that are taking that other path that I was talking about.
So they're coming directly from the platform into our datarama and then taking the long route like back into it versus like coming from redshift.
I liketottiinkofit aslikeit'slikeit's traveling from EU, is up into everything coming back down versus like coming from redstiift and then flowing downwards.
So these are all the cuts of data that we can't get througti redshift that we need to get from the UI themselves.
So Redshift doesn't support deep intent as an API or bat h file.
Or they also don't support post point right now.
So we get ttiat data directly from like database.
Exports and like from our own connections and set our MCI, Linkedln hub media doesn't support. So we get that through a direct API into MCI and then the search ones that I showed you are those additionalcutsofdatathatwecan'tgetthrough   pubmedia where does red.
Fallinthatdataflowchart. So Redshift is basK:ally.
Like tome.
Is like for every cut of data that we can get, it's like. Step one.
So like. once we have a new platform.
Like if we were to g€t a new ad server or a new platform, the first thing that we would want to do is reach out to promedia and get a redshift API or batch file, load connection set up it they support it
So it's like after API before like MCI mm hmm Briggs yeah.
So like it basically.
lsjust an APls or does it take they do? Yeah. they do.
Files..I mean. yeah. they do. They do files too.
We just send it like, what's the set back from just the APls going directly into.
Platforms so calls, so no. So the four oh like for. I'll just circumventing pub media
Altogether and then like just going into MCI like what I mean, it sounds like redshift kind of falls, it sound:sl.ike to me it falls here.
Yeah. but like so. why not just put those directly intothoseiftheyjustnotsupportallthatdata?
So the PMAPis is like AKA redshift. Oh.OK.
Yeah, So, like pub Media. APis Pub Media uses
redshift as their like warehouse for the API connection.
Yeah. So, yeah, no, I get it
And like I we call things all different stuff. So like
Pub media. If we say pub media we mean like redshift
If we are saying the APls we mean redshift because that's what they use.
We are when we're currently looking at like rivery as like an alternative to redstiift and an aftemative to pub media. AP is I found out from fackie today. We are not calling it reverie when we're talking to the client we're calling it PHM APls. Of course.
Yeah. So. Liketodifferentiate?Yeah, I.
I actually had Jackie tell me the ottier day that something we had to update all the names.
For apex.
AndpmlC.
For client facing data.
Because the account name did not like those names. so we changed them. yes.
So that kind of stuff happens all the time.
So yeah, so redshift isin that is in that initial stack,


That is, as you can see, like the top three are together and they all follow the same flow and then the UI e-mail reports is like its own i5land and does its own and does its own little.
Situation so
So yeah, so
We we do this this way, I think again. redshift right now and using Comedia it's free and I like to say you get what you pay for because it's there's a lot of issues..but it's free.
We don't have to worry about like overloading MCI. Like if you bring in too much into MCI. Or do too many APls of Breaking Emerald data
Data you have to erlend the rows which co§ls money.
And so it's like the easiest way for us to do stuff
Hopetully once we get rivery we can or start e)(ploring Reverie. We can get those additional our goal like for Novartis point ofview is that we would love to stop the UI e-mail reporu and Just do reverie for those.
And then second goal would be to use as much of Reverie to replace Redshift so that we remove the middleman
Of pub media to get the data, we canjust do it ourselves.
What is a realistic timeline that might happen so? I don't know, to be honest right now.
We're so I tried to set up.
A try to set up Reddit in reverse because we were having all tho e issues with pubmedia like pulling in specs correctly
Yeah. So I'll getyou access to it.
You can see it and like and check it out. We tried to do Reddit.
We ran into a roadblock because Rivery does not support business accounts right now for Reddit.
Which is kinda weird.


So we can't get rid of.
So that'sthatwasonething.
I tried to set up meta this week because right now it looks lil::e there's an option to select all the accounts in the Business Networlc
So to me that's lil::e auto mapping like I'm like. Oh, can we launch a new account ar.d we leave this empty for all?Is it Just gonna grab all the accounts?
Like so, I'm like, let's test this out.
So I pulled data this week and I sent it over to Kyle to like can you compare?
The redshift.
The data that I sent tt1rough from Reverie, the raw data tables.
Can you compare that to what we're getting from redshift and see like like are there additional columns that we're getting7
Are there columns that are mis.sing?
Saying can you check like the most commonly used metrics like impressions, click:. and spend to seeiftheymatchforlike2025?
The one thing that I saw that I flagged was I do not see an option for DMA data.
At least especially because Novartis uses all of its analysis at the DMA level so.
We I'm like we can technically use the.
We can, if they don't do DMA, we could technically use rivery to populate some of our dashboarding.
But it still does not solve the issue tor like I'm like it doesn't make sense for us lo like split it between redshift and reverie like it was just to me. It would
be lil::eoneortheother.
So it's going to be interesting.
It'sjust a lot of leg work and investigation, iust like nothing we can do like.
If if everything has an ID on it and data bricks can like re append a DMA based off of that.
ls that possible?
I mean, I guess we could
I guess we could do that but like the one, I guess theoneissueisisthat.
Lil::e we wouldn't have. The.
Likeyou'resaying.likegrabthedatafromRivery  and then use like ADMA automated report into data Brok to like append. Yeah. Yeah. Data breaks had some kind of like knowledge to be able to check out like these IDs. And there there have to be some kind of.
Key somewhere, yeah.
And if it matches up then we could just re append it before it goes in the snowflake
I make it sound easy, but I'm sure it's not but The auto selection is the issue so.
In Meta. if you set up an automated report. it's going to only pull for the accounts you selected at that point in time and won't pull in any new accounts. So you have to like go in and select all the accounts again.
To bucket everything.
But that's not a bad idea though, lil::e if we could. If we could have.
Doe5 somebody go in when they're doing7
lfwe could just have someone go in once a month on the 1st and just regrab all the accounts for the DMA level data, that could solve for that
That could tum the whole when I get a better feel. Yeah, no.
But that's that's perfect
That's like the like. That's e,cactly like you're getting


Lil::e, that's like, that's the kind of like that's, that's the kir.d of like thinking that we need to do here. So you're you're on the right track.
That's like, that's great 'cause. I didn't even I, like, totally didn't think about appending a date to break data breaks for me has been such out of sight. out of mind, and I need to stop with that because it could be such so.
Useful.
So yeah, I've, I mean, I have very little experience obviously with all these, but I have like a poke around data bricks and I've seen like examples of its power and that's the part that excites me the most is also like the most complex like you have

Know code.
Yeah, to doit
So I just round up my stuff with like Guinea ......... Let me see.
Especially with Esteban goes you sell. It'sgreat So I yeah.
And stuff like that
Yeah, I'll. I'll make sure I keep sniffing him, but I do get nervol.15 suggesting things in front of them.
Posting are so smart.
You guys already thought of everything and then sometimes when you're explaining something on calls before, I'm like, my first thought is go to hell.
You want me tor
Then we do this like, oh, you guys already thought of that?
Did it implement it and it works? This is not ttie vibe I was getting.
So yeah, I've, I mean, I have very little experience obviously with all these, but I have like a poke around data bricks and I've seen like examples of its power and that's ttie part that excites me the most is also lil::e ttie most complex like you have

Know code.
Yeah, to doit


 o IJust round up my stutt with 111ce C:.mnea ---­ Let me see.
Especially with Esteban goes you sell. It's greaL So I yeah.
And stuff like that
Yeah, I'll. I'll make sure I keep sniffing him, but I do get neri1ous suggesting things in front of them.
Posting are so sman.
You guys already thought of everything and then sometimes when you're explaining something on calls before, I'm like, my first thought is go to hell.
You want me to?
Then we do this like, oh, you guys already thought of that?
Did it implement it and it works? This is not the vibe I was getting
So yeah, l"ve, I mean, I have very little experience obviously wrth all these, but I have like a poke around data bricks and I've seen like examples of its power and that's the part that excites me the most is also like the most complex like you have

Know code.
Yeah, todoit
So I just round up my stuff with like Guinea ***...
Let m,e see.
Especially with Esteban go,es you sell. It's great. So I yeah.
And stuff like that
Yeah, I'll. I'll make sure I keep sniffing him, but I do get nef\lous suggesting things in front of them.
Posting are so smart.
You guys already thought of everything and then sometimes when you're explaining :s.omething on calls before, I'm like, my first thought is go to hell.
You want meto?
Then we do this like. oh. you guys already thought of that?
Did it implement it and it works? This is not the vibe I was getting.
So yeah, l"ve, I mean, I have very little exp€rience obviously wrth all these, but I have like a poke around data brides and I've seen like examples of its power and that's the part that excite>me the most is also like the most complex like you have to
Know code. Yeah, todoit
So I just round up my stuff with like Guinea ••0•. Let me see.
Especially with Esteban goes you sell. It's great. So I yeah.
And stuff like that
Yeah, I'll. I'll make sure I keep sniffing him, but I do get neri1ous suggesting things in front of them.
Posting are sosman.
You guys already thought of everything and theri sometimes when you're explainirig something on calls before, I'm like, my first thought is go to hell.
You want meto?
Then we do this like, oh, you guys already thought of that?
Did it implement it and it works? Thisisnotthevibelwasgetting
So yeah, l"ve, I mean, I have very littleexperi0=nce ob11iously wrth all these, but I have like a poke around data bricks and I've seen like examples of its power and that's the part that excites me the most i:s: also like the most complex like you have

Know code.
Yeah, todoit
So I just round up my stuff with like Guinea Ho,
Let me see.
bpecially with Esteban goes you sell. It's great. So I yeah.
And stuff like that
Yeah, I'll. I'll make sure I keep sniffing him, but I do get nef\lous suggesting things in front of them.
Posting are so smart.
You guys already thought of e1'€-rything and then sometimes when you're explaining something on calls before, I'm like, my first thought is go to hell.
You want me to?
Then we do this like. oh. you guys already thought of that?
Did it implement it and it works? This is not the vibe I was getting.
So yeah. l"ve, 1 mean, I ha11e very little experience ob11iously wrth all these, but I have like a poke around data bricks and I've seen like examples of its power and that's the part that excites me the most is also like the most complex like you have

Know code.
Yeah. todoit
So I Just round up my stuff with like Guinea00•
Let me see.
Especially with Esteban goes you sell. It's great. So I yeah.
AndstufflikethaL
Yeah, I'll. I'll make sure I keep sniffing him, but I do get nervous suggesting things in front of them.
Posting are so smart.
You guys already thought of everything and then sometimes when you're explaining something on calls before, I'm like, my first thought is go to hell.
You want me to?
Then we do this like, oh, you guys already thought of that?
Did it implement it and it works?
This is not U1e vibe I was getting
'"~ ·---'·- --· .• --'"--_.. ...,._... ,-, ..



and like competitor data.
Which was like auction data, but we can't get the auction piece of it anymore. So we only get it for branded impression share
I hate this report. Like with a passion. This report is a nightmare.
Let me show you what it does. Letmeshowyouthethestepsthatittakes.  Oh.
Yeah. Welcome to your nightmare. lndeed.that"sexactlywhatitis.
I've struggled. Kyle and I struggled with this report
so much that we have now so much documentation on it because it"s awful.
So this report the only way lo get data correctly for this report is ifwe feed our classifications into custom fields within search ADS 360. So what we do?
I'll give you access to lucid chart too.
I think you'll have a lot of fun with this.
Chrisintroduced me to this and Chris has been making all bunch of different things in here
OK.
So what is going here is that we have the UI report right?
Where sending that into our data analytics.
This is going into Snowflake. probably hitting data pars on the way. I don't know.
It's just going to show.
And then it goes into Novartis data Rama.
At this point, if there are no classification update to the search information, it's just gonna go right back into ourlike it's gonna do the reimmenion process.
It's gonna
You know, whatever.
And then it's gonna go back into rmci, OK? A side process that's happening is that.
There's a delivery going to the Azure BLOB with
the classification information.
If there is a classification update made to the search information.
It's reflecting in BLOB and then ifs getting passed into a like. Basic;illy a bulk:reporting action ingestion action
Into SA 360.
In order to populate like custom dimensions in search ads.yeah.
And then those actions can then be generated in the report that we're then setting to MCI like.
If you don't get it, I don't blame you. Ukeit?
It's crazy. but basically let me show you the report. I think showing you the report we'll make will help tie it together.
Bye bye.
So basically. We're feeding
We're basically feeding this report.
RN2 reporting and RN two branding names and our end to funnel names as custom dimensions in SA360.
In order to get these in here.
That is why our classifications in the Novartis data Rama have to go to Azure in order to come back in the SA 360 because the report has to.
Has to be exported from SA 360.
In this formal. OtheJWise we can't classify it the way that we need it, yeah.
That"sall it's doing. It's just.
It'sjust providing classifications within search as 360.
The problem wrth this is that if this if. if there's no updates right.
If it's doing this whole process, but there's no updates, it'sjust a few.
lt'sjLJst like two business days or it'sjust going here, here, here, Reimer in no changes. OK, we got it in MCI, but if a change has to occur. it has to make sure it makes it throLJgh this process
And then it has to repeat the process again. Does that make sense?
Yeah.OK.
So like, how do we know when something has changed?
Does it overwrite the old one? lsitanewreport?
Yeah. it. So it"II overwrite it.
The only problem with it is that it takes like seven daysforittodoit
Yeah, the the bottleneck is just basically like. It's like figure like one day to get to MSCI. Getting here immediately, so same day.
Same day. Probably2daysOK.
We shortened ii down by we we definitely shorten it shortened it down by changing the cadence of delivery between Snowflake and MCI.
So ifs like probably 1.
12234 like it's like 5 days rmw. Yeah. so.
But the problem with this is that we are only ingesting this report for last for last month and then up until we have a we have Asov report for last month and then we have an SOV report daily that pulls like month to date
OK. if our activation team. Sayshey.
Our like SRV like our impression share is showing up in the wrong account or whatever or the wrong place.
There's chance it could be been occurring for months. so if that happens, we have to come in


here and do a one time run of the report from like December so that it can capture the new capture thetheSOV.
Classification for a time frame that day like missed. I absolutely hate this proces:s..1Kyle.
And me sp,2nt hours trying to track how how this actually works.
Because David, are you familiar with David Haberman?
OK. You you I think you you would have really liked him.
He is like he 1 worked with him at my old agency too, and then I worked with him here.
Smart man could figure out crazy stuff like insane things. However, had a aversion to documentation.
So he showed me like he was just like, hey, set up these new reports in your name so that they continue to run. And then was Just like, that's it. So when it broke
I was like, I don't know how to fi:x ttiis. He just told me to set up a report.
So he figured this process out.
But Kyle and I spent hours trying to track down, like trying to track down whal
Like this was basically.
If it breaks, I'd honestly say just like I'll do it for now until you get familiar. This isn't as important because you do.
We do tiave people who understand how it works A5 you get more familiar. I think it'll start to make a little bit more sense.
Thank!;. If I see a time it works. See you time. It doesn't work. OK
That's out of memory. Yes, elGlctly.
But this is this isexactly what we're trying to solve for by trying to do verbatim.
Like we don't wanna do this anymore We don't want Lil reports.
We wanna be able to get the cuts of data in the way that we need it within Reverie custom cuts so that we can Just abandoned UI reports. We do not wanna do UI report>
So yeah, so that.
And ifs pretty much all, oh, I'm in the wrong. That is pretty muct, all that we do here.
For the dimensions that we were talking about yesterday, so like as I was saying, we create cla55ificationforthedata.
In the Novartis MCI.
We don't really create any type of classification here, but what we do is we sometimes pull in like.
Umm.
Yeati. we I'm gonna ignore it.
We don't really do classifications and the N2. MC!, we pull all of U1e classifications from like the report that gets sent over to us. So we don't make any, we don't make any calrulated dimensions in the N2. MCI. So anything that we're doing classificationwi:s.e.
Should be occurring in the No'o'artis MCI, OK.
That's pretty much all that is on the connect. The ne!d tab for us here.
Reporting you can like generate reporting that you want like
You can generate reporting that you need to hear. like just .showing what's in the N2. MCI typically don°tdothat.


I generate all my reporting and then Novartis MCI because that's technically like to me that's like source of truth.
We're Just like passing source of truth data to this platform
Pivot tables. 1 use a lot just to check like stuff that's on the visualization and the dashboards that we do In in our own end end to MCI and then the last thingthatlhaYehereis.
Database exports.
This is basically how we're getting.
The PULSEPOINT data. the deep intent data when we were using perform media, that's how we were getting that the LinkedIn data
These are all the different exports that are happening from this end to MCI to send it to like data perks and stuff like.
Cool. Otherthanthat,wewentoverthe.
We kind of just went over the dashboards at the teams are using.
I'd say Azure like just you know onboarding Just take a look.
Just get familiar with like what the teams are looking at.
Let me know if you have any like questions about certain metrics or why we pull something in from 1 channel but not another channel.
If you need clarification on any of the metrics that we're pulling in, because this is gonna be like.
Thisisgoing to be important because this i:s. what we·re communicating with the team about like this is what we're creating and managing for. like the activation teams.
Cool and everything else clicking around. I see this little blue button:st.hat remind me of the toggling things I was like. Oh. did I just change that view for everybody?
If I did not started bumping thingsin different parts like I put it back
Oh yeah.
No, no. no, no, no. You're good, you're able.
You're able to like do whatever you want. like In the actual dashboard, put your current access.


Yeah, cool.
Any any immediate questions here? Don't be interested
Search personal like what is the most common ask that I will be assigned probably to do.
Yeah, yeah
So I'd say what we're what you·re gonna be focus


Basically I we.
In the N2.datarama, I'd saythetk:keting cause like any tickets that you get from our internal teams, are gonna be about what they're seeing in this dashboard, So as I was mentioning the other day, like I'm trying to create something helpful for you guy1>s,o that.
You can
Uke if you get a ticket about something of this nature.here"sthestepsthatyoutake.
To try to troubleshoot where the issues occurring and how to fix it.
So you what I always say is like if you get a ticket about something that's weird in the dashboard and they send you a screenshot try to mirror their screenshotfirst
Sometimesit'sausererror.
You know how it is. but if it you're seeing the same thing, then you can start taking the troubleshooting steps.
So it'll be mostly viewing and then we'll get you set up like.
There once you get. I think the license access you can come into like the work in progres, dashboards and you can like create your own dashboard and start like trying to bring stuff in and like get familiar with like the widgets and stuff like that. It kind of.
Almost feels like. I don't know.
It kinda like when I was kinda trying to set stuff up and like do some stuff I like. I I'm not graded at right now, but I was trying to do like.
You can come in everyone.
And I was trying to like set up stuff that like basically tells people when they lagged wrong.
Butyoucanjustlikeplayaround like like start your own dashb<Jard, start making widgets and try to pull in like certain data.
Uke certain dimensions and metrics.
Because then I think end goal is that you can help Kyle build dashboards like any new dashboards that we need. Jf somebody's like, we sometimes get a request for dashboard enhancements.
So if they're like, hey, thisdoesn't really work for me. Like. can we do like XY and Z In this dashboard?
Weassessitwesee. Like, is this gonna work?
Does this impact anybody else?
And if we can accommodate it we'll incorporate it.
So that's pretty much that'll be your extent in the Novartis one isJust doing the ticketing helping create dashboards and edit dashboards in the note.
You should feel I would. I would say you·re gonna need to feel pretty com comfortable navigating pivot tables to check source of truth data of like, hey. are we getting what we need from Snowflake correctly?
If something classified incorrectly and we'll go over classifications and how you could check that kind of stuff next week.


The the Novartis MCI it'll be
That I don't like an act tab. You gotta feel comfortable on. And the connectome)(so like looking at the data streams and then looking at the classifications.
So yeah, you say pretty much most or all of our tasks and datarrama is really Just viewing QA like we are like, are we actually editing?
Yeah, like editing the dashboards.
Yeah. 'cause. it sounds like we're kind of moving things around.
I mean betwe.c>n like pi\tOts and
And some of the other stuff you showed me, like
·re looking at this, but ttien we probably go to somebody and say, hey, we're missing search data or missing this, but we aren't actually putting like are we?
We we create the dashboards well, right? Yeah. Yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah.
But to look at the other data that's coming in like we aren't. I think I'm asking it wrong, but I understand what you're saying.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We are creating that and working in it.but.
I didn't think of an example, but it's also good. Like are we?
Are we? How are like?
lfwe solve a problem with some of the data coming in. we wouldn't go like into th.'lt like that report like go back.
Well, I guess you said you we would maybe in redshift sometimes or?
So yeah. Yeah, hold on I let me pull up the.
I'm gonna pull up the data flow again.
So we're basically, if we're basically responsible for. Like.
We're. I'm trying to think how to put this. We're
responsible for MCInd ensuring the data is correct there.
We are responsible.
For ensuring the data is correct and snowflake, however, and we are also responsible for QA ING


between and. I had this in the tro1Jbleshooting steps too, which will probably help too if ffi.' are having an issue so like.
Let's go
Just go through the the missing or discrepan 1mpress1?ns.
I clicks from like OCM right? For.
S.o I have the steps here.
S.o if somebody is o.aying we have missing Impressions, right?
We gotta check the UI is the data in the UI. Let's export that data.
S.o isdata in DCM OK?
Let's expon that OCM data. Then we're gonna che<:lcSnowflalo:e
The sno\1/flake matched the UI.
If it doesn't. then we're gonna. If it does, then we're gonna check the Novartis data, Rama.
Gonna ask a bunch of questioris of the Novartis data Rama, our classification's right.
Are the different dimensions matching like om like? Oo the dev live and reimmersion dimensions i!II say the s<1me thing b<1siwlly?
Are the data streams running? Are the exports running?
Are the and two data streams running?
S.o, like, there's a lot to check in in the in MCI.
And then if we get stuck there, that's when we have to talk. right?
However, if Snowflake doesn't match the UI, we have to check redshift. If Redshift matche, the Ut thentheissueisn"tSnowflake
That's when we go to engineering. They look into what the issue is there.
If Redshift doesn't match the UI, then we have to
open up a ticket with pub media beca1Jse it's a p1Jb media issue. Does that help?
Yeah.OK.
Just raise a question bi.zarrely I'm with you
ll lovetheshoottoo. OK. OIC.cool.
Yeah. like this should help you be able to pin beca1Jse this is again something that I feel like I got thrown in the ticketing and I was just kind of like the gift of like, like Travolla. like in P1Jlp Fiction.
Like. where do I go?
So this like I think if I knew this to start, I could have shaved like
Months off my onboarding so
But yeah. you'll get used to it as we go along. but basically like.
Wearej1Jst response. They give it.
We areJ1Jst respon:5-lble for ensuring tha1 the data flow is occurring and every and the data goes from the inject from the initial point of ingestion, all the way to data Rama correctly.
The PLD side. we have semi responsibility on but luckily we do have like Theresa, Patti and Chaitanya and like Roger to help us out with if we're having like issues there because they're like.
The PLD export experts and the vendor manage likethevendormanagementforthat. So.
Cool. Butyeah,lwill.
I'd say like next few days.just like play around in the visualization part of our N2 datarama.
Check out the dashboards and then.
On Monday, we're gonna connect and go through classifications.
I still, to be perfectly honest with you, I still find classificationsconfusir,g.
Because. They're not.
Notcurrentlyset1Jpefficientlyand like Jackie has acknowledged it and like it'sjust the way that we currentlyhaveeverythingsetup
Was to accommodate.
Bad activation for like a number of years.
Like bad taxonomy, bad choices, bad stuff like that But we have gotten 1axonomy on Novartis to a
point where it has been the cleane!;t it's ever been So now we can.
We're we're trying to work on a way to leave those classifications as is in the past for past data and then rebuild classifications for like 2025 onward. So
When I show you the rlas:s.if1cations next week. Don't like, get overwhelmed because it once you start looking at it it'll make sense.
Like the more you look at ii, the more it'll make


Yeah.
22
Are these old?
Nah, these these might be old.
Oh.
I don't know
That's a grea1 question. Creative level.
So it'snot my problem.
No. but yeah. the we're we·re. we're working on a few different things like I was trying to come up with a creative like error report that basically is like
S.howing them like, hey. did yo1J set up an impression tracker that's supposed to be tracking sends or opens? And we have no Impressions for?
Something is wrong like.
Do we have impressions like video creative metrics?


lrror report This is supposed to show them if they named something to be served.
One way, and what they need, and if it doesn't have that. you know like so.
Thea, we've been trying to work through this. lsthi:; basically got like?
It's basically a back burner because there's like 100
ott1er things going on, but these are the kind of things that it's like. oh.. we can probably use a dashboard for that or like we find out a team member has been creating a manual report off of like.
20 different exports that they received like no, no, let's just build a dashboard for you.
So that's like, that's like what we do, part of what wedofortheteam
Great. Yeah.OK.
Hi are we having excel sheets to track the task in JIRA? Just make a .. .,.	dashboard.
Wouldn"t do so. I'm in my own.
I don't blame you.
I wouldn't do the same thing. Oh cool.
Butyeah,andthen.
I guess really quK:kly, let me just show you
S.o I gave you and Ky1e access to the
Social nomenclature tool and the search as or the search request one.
S.oyeah, so basically.
This Is Us trying to be pre emptive and like ask pub media to automap it.
Like to map an account so we can get data when it launches versus.
The current way that we have it, where we like launched and like have data and we·re missing data.
S.o now we have to do a backfill. They take weeks to do backfill.
S.o we're trying to like be like, hey, we got a new account coming coming down the line, please map it so that when it starts, we Just get data automatically so.
Whal I built out this tool for social earllei- this year lo get them to
Get them to standardize their names·cause they were not standardized. It was awful.
And now what I did was I just added on the side a place for them to drop the account ID and to just check if we have been granted access.
When we get the.
ID and I'd say honestly, even if they don't do the access thing, just still submit it
But when we get the ID and the account name when they add it in here. Immediately open up a ti&et with pub media and be like map. This account for us so that way we can try to get them to map it in the same time frame that.
Like social i5 trying to launch and hopefully get the data immediately.
We don't have to do it for Linkedln because as I said like mentioned, we're getting.
WeJusthaveadirect.
API tab to to Datarama Burlington because pub Media doesn"t doesn't handle Linkedln doesn't have Al.
Guess contract with them.
S.o that's just where you'll find that data there and then
For search, it looks exactly the same.
I think you'll appreciate the search slieet that I created for this account because
We do so much for them outside of just creating the search advertiser.
Cool. So anytime searcli has a new advertiser, they fill out a form and it gets submitted to media tech. And it builds out the advertiser name that they're gonna use in the platform.
That media tech sheet from box and put it in smartsheet form so we can actually actually u e the automation to notify us exactly what happened.
Yes. And then I.
We get the account ID.
Is for Google ads because they map to Prisma which is great
We see that Google ads account. Giving up no.
OK
We have another YouTube account.
And we're probably gonna have to ask the same question.
Ohno.OK.
Oh.OK.
There's the CSU on.


Wait a minute No.So where? OK
I'm going to
I'm gonna update the notifications to notify U5.
Uh.
When there is.
A
I wonder if I can update it to look for a word in this column.
S.o we can know when a YouTube account is


Demo line so we can get the Google ads data for Youlube. I'll figure that out but.
I know what else going to be besides Youlube or implyt. Yeah. right. So hopefully.
Julie. Yeah. Well, then again, never ceases to doubt


for me
Sometimes people put In for it. lt'strue.
S.oyeah.
So we'll -·11get.
We'll get notified when so they get this. Media Tech get:st.hi!..
They get all the information for Bing. They get all the information for Google ads and then they create the advertiser and then they drop all the IDs in here.
S.o we'll get notified once there·s an essay 360 ID. and then we just rnme into the sheet.
And pull out the ID and pull out the advertiser name and submit a mapping request to.
Pub media so. That. Yeah. that's il
Hopefully this will make this easier and we can just have mapping tickets versus backfill tickets. So and get data sooner.
I'd rather have like
I hope that works. but yeah, ttiat's good to know abouttheU21.
I'll I'll look into that and see if we can get that fixed, but they didn't include the Google ads account ID tiere, so we still have to reach out.
And Include it.
I don't know why it didn't include it.
It's required on the grid part. Yeah, it's lil::e lil::e if you fill out a cell in this c_olumn. these must lil::e, yeah. conditional format they highlighted.
S.o I thought like they could. Oh. actually. Wait No. llied.
They do.
They do have a form, yeah. Make it required, yeah
We do have the ID.
We have the Google as account ID.
They just didn't give us the MCC ID. How? Yeah Yeah. However. I do see.
S.o the MCC ID is like the network ID. the account ID? Yeah. So this one actually confirms that solar is in an existing MCC.
S.o we can move forward with a ticket to pub media once they confirm.
lguessthethestartdateandthattheydidn't have any media live in 2024.
With.
Me because the mapping shows up in part in NCC.
We could do that.
S.ee good. good thinlcing, awe:s.ome Alright.cool.
Well, that's all I havt> today. Any any other questions?

@) R.ichel Piot >lopped uanmiption
